Thunderclaps 2: Chapter 7 - Immoral Contest of Champions
“We will never give up the fight, even if our enemy is the will of the universe itself.”

(1968, Captain Sky’s announcement broadcast from Tokyo Tower)

Said shortly before the showdown against the Space Enforcers who had constructed an asteroid guidance device on Tokyo Tower

 

Square spaces opened in the stage’s floor. Four this time. Figures wearing four different colors emerged, surrounding the four heroes gathered in the center.

The four newcomers all wore cloaks that obscured their bodies. Each cloak was a different color: black, white, red, and blue. The hoods were pulled deep over the face to hide them from view.

Once they had fully risen onto the stage, the Forbidden Four simultaneously pushed a right hand out from their cloak and reached toward the heroes. They each wore a bracelet which had a metal key and a plate bearing one of the heroes’ names attached.

“Now, use the key with your name on it to unlock your collar. If you unlock all four, the brat’s execution will be canceled. Will you acquire the key by defeating your opponent and taking it? Or will you satisfy them with your body and convince them to hand it over? Now, this is a special match, so no additional handicaps will be placed on the superheroes.”

Milk Crown raised his right hand high and then swung it down.

“Fight!” 





“It’s nice to meet you, Snow Wing.”

A male voice left the blue cloak which carried the key and plate with her name on it. He had a beautiful voice reminiscent of a resonating violin note. Under other circumstances, Miki might have thought it was the perfect voice for narrating a travel show.

“I am the loathsome Damned Beetle. Did Captain Sky ever mention me? I always thought of myself as one of his top rivals, but it is true I haven’t seen him for a decade now.”

Miki silently directed her wings toward the blue cloak and launched a total of 10 feathers. The feathers became glowing arrows in midair and stabbed into Damned Beetle’s cloaked torso. That attack would do no physical harm if he was a normal human, but it would numb his nerves and knock him out. And if he was a cyborg or android, it would numb his electrical systems, doing to him what she had done to Resonator. Captain Sky had personally taught her this surefire attack.

She prepared to launch more feathers while watching the blue cloak. Her legs were trembling from the torment of the rings and thread.

(My body isn’t going to last if this doesn’t end it.)

 

“Kh.”

Shino rushed in, causing a powerful reaction from the sex toys at her chest and crotch.

“Ahh…”

The intense pleasure caused her to collapse at the feet of the black cloak carrying the Cemetery nameplate. The figure’s round belly was obvious even through the cloak.

Two flabby arms emerged from the cloak and lowered so slowly it seemed to be happening in slow motion.

“You slow piece of shit!” cursed Shino as she focused her mind on the thick shadow cast at the black cloak’s feet.

The shadow began to ripple and the round giant who had to weigh more than 100kg sank into their own shadow. The black cloak vanished from the stage in less than a second.

“I’ll be taking that key.”

Shino plunged her right hand into her own shadow on the floor.

 

Madam Scroll tilted her head. She had been forced to fight in the Dark Arena several times now, but she had always had a variety of handicaps placed on her, ensuring she lost. In the end, she had always been raped by her opponent and then forced to pleasure the audience.

(Why aren’t they restricting me this time? Do they think my opponent has powerful enough magic to fight on equal footing with the head of the Ryuengi family?)

The Madam reached behind her back while observing the red cloak that held her plate and key. Her damp lips moved with unnatural speed to quietly speak words not used by anyone in the world.

The mesh dress given to her by the Dark Arena’s maids had no pockets of any kind, but when her hands emerged from behind her, she held two scrolls in each hand.

“I sense some magic from you. But if you think you can defeat me, you are sorely mistaken.”

She did not even move her arms. The scrolls unfurled on their own. The four pieces of old paper which bore magic spells rushed out and wrapped tightly around the red cloak.

 

Silver Bullet was no longer visible on the stage.

It took less than a hundredth of a second for her to reach the white cloak standing a few meters away. When moving at superspeed, all of her body’s functions also worked at superspeed. The transmission speed of her nerves and the thinking speed of her brain became far greater than a normal human’s. To her, everything around her was moving in extreme slow motion.

She could clearly see the key on the white cloak’s arm and she grabbed their hand.

The flesh-colored arm felt cold and hard.

“A mannequin!”

The arm came off at the elbow.

 

“So he never even mentioned me to his successor? That kind of hurts.”

Damned Beetle should have been knocked unconscious by the glowing white arrows, but Miki heard his smoothly beautiful voice again. The glowing arrows piercing the blue cloak began to shrink like something was devouring them.

“What!? How can you be immune to my arrows!?”

“You see, I’m an energy drainer. Watch this!”

Black smoke emerged from the seams and hem of the cloak before rushing toward Miki.

She launched more feathers, sending dozens of glowing arrows twisting and turning to pursue the black smoke. But it accomplished nothing. Her previously unbeatable arrows were swallowed up by the smoke and easily absorbed. She failed to stop the approach of the strange smoke.

“Kyah!”

The smoke attached to her body and the creepy sensation began to crawl toward the embarrassingly exposed parts of her anatomy.

True to his name, Damned Beetle had released a swarm of countless black scarab beetles. Miki’s white wings were soon dyed black.

“Ah, ahh, they’re eating them! They’re eating my wings!”

She fell to her knees and curled in a ball while Damned Beetle spoke in a kind voice.

“Yes. Those beetles are a part of me. You could even say they are my body. That allows them to absorb the energy in your body just like I can. Absorbing the energy from a normal human kills them, but you and Captain Sky are a special case due to the unique nature of your energy. I cannot kill you this way, but I can leave you powerless.”

“Th-that isn’t true! Captain Sky’s wings are unbeatable!”

Miki’s wings stood tall and glowed brighter. Pillars of blinding white light rose toward the dome’s ceiling like twin volcanic eruptions. She had released the energy inside her to kill all the bugs. It was a desperate gamble.
“Ahhhhh!”

And with a scream, her gamble failed. The eruption of energy was consumed by the strange scarab beetles in no time. In only a dozen or so seconds, the wings vanished from Miki’s back.

“More than once, Captain Sky lost his wing in the same way, making him no more than a powerless human, but every time he used his wits and his courage to outsmart me and win in the end. Let’s see if you can do the same.”

Damned Beetle removed the blue cloak, revealing a handsome young man with skin as pale as marble and long silver hair. His skinny body was bound by several belts and chains, so he looked a lot like a rockstar on stage.

“Now, keep fighting.”

He snapped fingers that seemed carved from marble.

The scarab beetles rushed toward the black thread forming the isosceles triangle bringing her so much humiliation and pleasure. The small black bugs lined up on the thread connecting her nipples and clitoris like a flock of birds crammed together on a power line.

“Ah, ahh…”

A low thrumming was played in front of her body. The beetles on the thread opened their black carapaces and flapped the thin wings contained within. Bug wings needed to keep them hovering in midair, so they moved much faster than bird wings. The flapping caused the beetles to vibrate.

The flapping of all the bugs joined together, sending a powerful but delicate tremor through the thread.

“Ahhhh!”

Miki’s entire body jerked in response. She had been curled up on the floor, but now she arched backwards, slamming the back of her head against the stage with her knees still on the floor. But she did not feel the pain in her head at all.

“Ohh, ahn, no, no!”

The vibration of the pleasure thread reached her three enlarged pieces of flesh and shook them. Her enlarged breasts seemed filled with scorching magma and her lower stomach seemed full of pleasure lava seeking an exit to erupt through. Her pussy cried out with desire after being teased so much but never receiving any kind of penetration.

Her body was bound by Storyteller’s lewd words, so she rose toward climax faster than ever before.

“Ahhhh, ahn, no…no, I, I…”

She shook her head, rubbing the back against the floor. She could not feel the pain as her long ear twisted beneath it. Her body moved on its own in response to the thread’s vibration. When her breasts moved every which way, the thread tugged on her nipples and clit, causing them to torment each other.

She sensed a fresh orgasm fast approaching.

“I’m cummiiiiiing!”

But that final moment never arrived.

“Ah, ahh, why…ahhh?”

She was so close to the climax of pleasure she had already experienced several times in short succession. She felt like she could reach out and touch it.

But she could not reach it. The scarab beetles continued to vibrate the thread and rings. Powerful pleasure was pouring endlessly into her body.

“Ah, ahh…nhh…wh-why can’t I cum?”
Damned Beetle’s handsome face peered down at her sweaty face while she moaned, writhed, and groaned. He gave her a noble smile.

“Because my beetles are absorbing your energy. Whether biological or mechanical, all things require energy to do anything. My beetles are stealing energy from the part of your brain that experiences orgasm. So you can never cum until I allow it.”

He brushed up his long bangs and formed a picture-perfect smile.

“You want to cum, don’t you?”

He removed one of the belts and chains holding together his bizarre and complex clothing. The cloth at his crotch parted and a penis that did not look at all human emerged. It was the same cold marble-white as his face and hands and it had several bumps and dips scattered across its surface. It was also extremely large.

“Then beg for my cock.”

“I-I will never do that. Ahhn, nh…I don’t w-want to…cum. Ahh, hn!”

“Is that so? Then I will wait until you do.”

“I-I will never…do that. Eek!”

“Fine. You can have another gift.”

His skinny right hand grabbed her shoulder. The weak-looking arm easily lifted up her writhing body, flipped her over, and placed her on the floor. She was now on all fours with her raised butt directed toward the audience.

“Ahh, wh-what?”

She tried to change direction when she realized how he had posed her. But she found her arms and legs refused to move when exposed to such powerful pleasure while on the verge of orgasm. The best she could manage was crawl as slow as a turtle while moaning. With her butt wiggling provocatively toward the audience.

“I will treat you to a new experience I am sure you will love.”

While she suffered from a hell of pleasure without climax, Damned Beetle stood next to her butt and opened his mouth wide. His pale throat moved up and down and lots of saliva dripped down onto her butt crack.

Something was squirming within the sticky saliva: black bugs. The hornless beetles crawling on her butt had a rugby ball shape and were two sizes larger than the scarab beetles vibrating her thread.

“Eek! Wh-what!?”

She screamed when she felt so many segmented legs moving on her skin. She could not see the beetles behind her even when she twisted her head around, but she could definitely feel them. They formed a line down her butt crack to march toward her crotch.

“No! Not bugs! Please no! Ah! Eeeeek!”

The lead beetle stuck its head into her anus. It bit her sensitive flesh, causing her anus to squeeze, which it used to push the rest of the way inside.

“Noooo! It’s inside me! There’s a bug inside my butt!”

She shook her butt wildly to try to get rid of the bugs, but not one of them was dislodged as more and more pushed inside of her ass. Once the rugby ball shaped bugs had their head inside, they could easily push the rest of the way in. Their thorax pushed her anus open the widest and it would squeeze back shut once they had disappeared inside.

“Ah, ah, nhhh…this feels weird. No, it feels wrong!”

She had never felt anything like this before. The sensation of something forcing her anus open and entering her there was converted into melting pleasure.


(Why? Why does it feel so good? These are bugs. Bugs inside my butt.)

She silently lamented what was happening, but that did nothing to stop the beetles. The pleasure from her butt continued to grow and nectar dripped from her twitching labia.

(This is Storyteller’s magic. He’s turned me into such an indecent woman.)

“Ahhh…no, ahh, they’re coming back out. The bugs are coming out of my butt…noo!”

Her anus swelled out and then the beetles started emerging. More and more bugs crawled out like watching the previous process in reverse.

“Eek, eeeek! My butt, my butt, my buuuutt!”

Her lower body was twisting again. But now it was from mind-blowing pleasure, not disgust. Her legs stretched to stick her butt high into the air and then her back arched while her butt trembled and her fingers clawed at the stage floor.

The beetles moved endlessly back and forth, in and out, causing pleasure to burn bright in her butt. The swarm of smaller scarab beetles also continued vibrating the thread between her nipples and clit.

More and more pleasure was poured into her body while she was denied orgasm. Her body felt like a rubber balloon filled with magma. She could not imagine why it hadn’t melted and exploded yet, but the climax never did arrive.

“No…I can’t do it…I’m just not cut out to be a superhero.”

She placed a trembling hand on Damned Beetle’s boot while still swarmed with lewd bugs.

“Ahhh, p-please…”

“Please what?”

He forced her to spell it out for him, so she looked up at him with sweat and tears on her face.

“Please…I can’t take it anymore. Ahh, y-your penis. Nh…give me your penis.”

A satisfied smile appeared on Damned Beetle’s pale face.

 

“What!?”
A cloud fell on Shino’s face at her inability to explain what she was experiencing. After sticking her hand into her own shadow, it refused to budge, like it had been encased in concrete.

The Offbeat power she had inherited from her father had awoken inside her when she was in elementary school, but it still had yet to fully stabilize. No one could explain what sort of physical phenomenon the manipulation of shadows was. Still, she was used to entering shadows. Snagging the key from the black cloak guy should have been a simple task for her.

“This has never happened before. Ahh!”

Her shadow left the floor and stretched upwards. She watched on in horror as the shadow took on a fat humanoid form leaning over her.

“Impossible. Not even my father can do that.”

She tried to escape, but her feet were caught by her own shadow, keeping her from taking a single step. She struggled as the humanoid shadow fully covered her, pinning her in place.

A scratchy voice spoke into her ear – no, it spoke from the shadow inside her ear hole. It was hard to make out, but she could just barely hear human words.

“My name is Obayashi Kouzou. Heard of me?”
“Obayashi? You mean the robber my father said was the only person who ever escaped after being dropped into the shadows?”

“The very same. But I did not escape. I don’t know why, but my body fused with the shadow. I was trapped all alone in the empty shadow dimension. Until after so agonizingly long, I was brought back to this world by the Emperor of the Dark Arena.”

“The arena has an emperor? Who is it?”

“None of your business. What matters is I have been given the chance to take revenge on Mister Unfair’s daughter. I am no longer a human named Obayashi Kouzou. I am Nether Brute, the living shadow.”

“N-Nether Brute? Ah, ahn!”

The shadow covering her like a film began to move. The breasts pushed out by her half-cup bustier were groped by the dark color covering them.

The impossibly-thin living shadow slipped between her three most sensitive points and the rings pleasuring them. It stroked them, hitting her with even more powerful pleasure.

“Ah, hhhh, kh…ahhh.”

Her limbs went weak and she could no longer support herself. But she was fixed in place by the shadow, so she was not even allowed to fall over. Instead, the shadow moved her body to turn her toward the audience.

“Ah, hhh, s-stop, Nether Brute!”

Her moaned protest was answered by scratchy laughter coming from right next to her eardrums.

She was made to raise her arms and spread her legs toward the watching criminals.

“G-go to hell, ahn…hh…”

She had her legs spread in an unnatural pose and the shadow began to move at her crotch as well. It attached itself to either side of her wet labia and spread them wide. Her nectar flowed out and down her shadow-covered legs. The unpleasant voice pounded on her eardrums again.

“Looks like Mister Unfair raised a real slut of a daughter.”

“Sh-shut the fuck- ahhh!”

The shadow worked its way between her labia and covered every fold of her vulva, where it stimulated her like sucking lips, licking tongues, and gently biting teeth.

“Ah, ahh…khh.”

Her hips moved back and forth while supported by the shadow. More and more love juices sprayed from the spring within, wetting the floor. Then the living shadow invaded that spring as well.

“Ah, ahhhh, it’s going inside…it’s going inside me!”

The shadow covered the wet surface from the vaginal entrance all the way to her womb. Filled more thoroughly than any penis or dildo could ever accomplish, her body went wild. She had slept around a fair amount compared to Miki, but this sense of physical fulfillment was new to her.

Her body was as sensitive as Miki’s had been thanks to the rings and thread, so it didn’t take much to propel her toward climax.

“No, no! I’m cumming, I’m cumming! I’m cummiiiiiiiing!!”

She thrusted her crotch out toward the audience and her female juices erupted out.

(I’m squirting. But I’ve never squirted before. Is this Storyteller’s doing?)
The powerful standing orgasm left her in a state of confusion, but she was not allowed to collapse or rest. The invasion of her body was far from over.

A new sensation thrust up into her body and a heated scream burst from her throat.

“N-not there! Eek!”

The shadow rotated like a drill and tried to force open her ass. She clenched her butt as tight as she could, but when the shadow massaged the sensitive skin around her anus, an unbearable wave of pleasure welled up within her and she thought the hole was going to relax against her will.

“Ah, ahhhhh, s-stop, hhhh!”

She felt like her anus would relax if she lost her focus. She feared the pleasure would engulf her and she would accept the shadow into her ass.

“No, I’ll never do that! Ahhhhhhh!”

Her nipples and clit were squeezed tight, her breasts were lifted high, and the thread between those three points was pulled taut. That would normally have caused pain, but it instead brought her close to another orgasm.

When the relentless pleasure loosened her ass, the shadow pushed inside.

“Ahhhhhhhhh! I’m cumming, I’m cumming agaiiiiiin! Ahhhhh! I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I can’t stop it, I can’t stop iiiiiiiiiit!”

She screamed and squirted toward the audience again. And she continued to be brought to climax by the shadow covering all her weak points, inside and out: nipples, clitoris, vagina, and ass.




 

Madam Scroll heard a female voice.

“Your magic is as lazy as it ever was, Ryuengi Yukie-chan.”

“Wha-?”

The breasts showing through the black mesh jiggled as she recoiled in surprise. The red cloak shouldn’t have been able to move or even think after she was completely frozen by the scrolls wrapped around her, but she instead whispered Madam Scroll’s true name that no one outside her family should have known. And the mystery woman used that family’s exclusive communication magic that prevented anyone but the intended recipient from hearing it.

“How do you know my name? Who are you?”

“And that laziness is exactly why the current head of the glorious Ryuengi family has been reduced to no more than a sex slave. Just watch.”

Something happened to the scrolls binding the woman in the red cloak. Crimson writing appeared over the black writing inscribed on the old paper. The red writing raced across the scrolls like four invisible scribes were using invisible pens to write out the text at impossible speed. Before long, the text arrived at the part of the scrolls still in Madam Scroll’s hands.

“This isn’t over yet!”

The Madam’s breasts jiggled as she threw away the contaminated scrolls and pulled a few fresh ones from her back.

The red cloak flew through the air.

A woman a little older than Madam Scroll was revealed below.

Scarlet hair fell down her back in gentle curls, crimson lips curled into a cynical smile, and vermilion eyes shined with a daring light.

She wore a long red mesh dress much like Madam’s black mesh one. The see-through garment revealed a mature body just as curvy and alluring as the Madam’s. The only thing covering her sexy body was a red pair of strapless panties shaped like a bat.

“Oh, but it is.”

Scrolls also extended from behind the red woman’s back, but these were not made of paper. Leather had been sewn together into scrolls covered in red writing.

The two types of scrolls collided in midair and intertwined like battling snakes, but it was over in mere seconds. Madam Scroll’s were shredded and pulp scattered through the air.

With the competing scrolls destroyed, the red woman’s scrolls wrapped around Madam Scroll’s stomach and arms to bind her.

“Ho ho ho ho. Those scrolls were created by skinning babies of less than a year old and written with the blood of the same babies. Their magic is much more powerful.”

Madam Scroll’s gentle features tensed with hatred as she stared at the other woman’s face.

“Aunt Chiyoko – no, Countess Cruel. I thought the Ryuengi family teamed up to kill you 15 years ago.”

Countess Cruel elegantly hid her red lips behind her right hand and laughed sharply.

“Ho ho ho ho ho. And you honestly thought it was possible to fully destroy a vampire? You and the family are a bunch of fools.”

“It is true you are a shameful traitor who spat on our family’s honor by willingly making yourself the slave of a wicked vampire, but that is why we turned you to ashes.”

“Me? His slave? Please. I sucked up every last bit of my husband the Count’s blood and soul.”

“I have heard enough of your lies. A vampire’s thrall can never betray their vampire master. What you claim is not possible.”

“Then it would seem I am even more special than I thought.”

The Madam had no response for that. Ryuengi Chiyoko had unprecedented magical power and talent even when looking back on the long history of their family. She would have become the next head of the family if what she had done hadn’t come to light.

That dreadful woman had been born without a conscience. She had carried out unthinkable atrocities solely to satisfy her own curiosity. Even her decision to let a vampire sink his fangs into her had been driven by pure curiosity.

“I was admittedly reduced to ashes when you drove that stake through my heart, but I was revived by someone from the Dark Arena.”

The Countess grinned and approached her younger relative as if gliding just off the floor. The mature breasts contained inside her red see-through dress pressed against the ones inside the black mesh dress, all four of them squishing together. Rubbing between two layers of mesh, a sweet tingling grew in the two sorceresses’ breasts.

“Nhhh.”

“Ahh.”

Madam moaned in agonized pleasure and the Countess sighed in blissful ecstasy.

The Countess moved her upper body to enjoy the sensation of her trapped niece’s breasts.

“Look, look. You love it when I do this, don’t you, Yukie-chan?”

“Ahh, s-stop. Ahn, ahhhn.”

“Ho ho ho. More, more. I must know how these slutty boobs taste.”

The Countess lifted the Madam’s large breasts in her hands and opened her crimson lips in front of the erect nipples.

Two fangs poked down from behind her glossy upper lip.

“Time to find out.”

The fangs sank deep into the tip of Madam Scroll’s nipples.

“Eeeeeeeeeeek!”

Her scream was not one of pain. Her breasts had been remade into sensitive sex organs for the Dark Arena, so she was thrown into a storm of embarrassment and humiliation. But she had also never before felt such deep and vivid pleasure.

“Ahhhhh, she’s sucking them, she’s sucking the milk right out of them! Ahh, I’m cumming! Our family’s shame is making me cum! I’m cumming, cumming, cumming, cumming!!”

Madam Scroll’s orgasm never seemed to end.




 

Silver Bullet was still holding the mannequin arm when something white burst from the white cloak and grazed her shoulder. The movement was too fast for human vision to perceive, but she could see it clearly in her current state.

“A dog?”

An Akita puppy covered in white fur stood on the stage.

After the dog burst out, the white cloak had nothing left to support it and collapsed to the ground. The head, arm, and legs of a mannequin clattered to the floor along with it and rolled out from below the cloth. Only the lifeless right arm remained in Silver Bullet’s hand.

The nameplate and key were no longer on that wrist.

Not even her superspeed vision had seen when the key was removed, but the key and nameplate now hung from the puppy’s collar.

She threw aside the mannequin arm an faced the puppy.

“It is good to see you again, Natsuko.”

“Eh!?”

The puppy’s mouth had moved. That mouth never should have been able to speak human words, yet it was a very human voice, not a dog’s barking, that emerged from the elongated fanged mouth. And despite the puppy’s cute appearance, it was a deep man’s voice, not a child’s voice.

“Or would you prefer I called you Silver Bullet the superhero?”

“Wh-who the hell are you?”

“Have you forgotten me already?”

Another color appeared on the all-white puppy’s forehead. The pattern that appeared resembled an ancient pictogram written in gold and black. It was an abstract representation of an eye rotated 90 degrees.

“Ahhhhhhh!”

Silver Bullet screamed like her very soul was vanishing.

Her voice and her face were no longer that of Japan’s fastest superhero. She was no longer Silver Bullet, whose dashing appearance and personality had won her overwhelming popularity among women as much as men.

She was only a terrified college girl named Suwa Natsuko.

“No! That can’t be true! Yukie sealed Malign Gale away!”

“So you do remember. Yes, I am the very same Malign Gale who was once a part of you.”

A disgusting memory played back in Silver Bullet’s mind.

Back when Suwa Natsuko had been majoring in archeology in college, she had accompanied her professor to an archeological dig in Africa. When they had discovered a three-eyed ceramic doll inside a tightly-shut sarcophagus buried deep below the ground, the several dozen locals assisting in the dig had fled in terror shouting about “the Malign Gale”.

Her professor had explained that the Malign Gale was the name of a fearsome monster spoken of in that country. A single man had once used the monster’s power to wage war and drove several tribes to extinction.

The doll was later transferred to their lab in Japan and the legend had become all too real once Natsuko accidentally broke it. The thing that emerged from the doll had possessed her.

It was indeed a monster. But Natsuko had found a better word to describe the thing that invaded her body.

Malign Gale was a demon.

Possessed by that demon, she had been made to run as fast as – no, even faster than – a gale and she had spread chaos and destruction across Tokyo. No one had died, but that was only due to her powerful will interfering with the demon’s actions. After a fierce battle between Malign Gale and the Justice Circus led by Captain Sky, it had been exorcised from her by Madam Scroll’s magic.

But Natsuko had been burdened with a dreadful curse after she was freed from the demon. The unfortunate college girl had only been able to move at supersonic speed.

Madam Scroll and four other sorcerers had produced five magic talismans for her. The rings Silver Bullet wore around her neck, arms, and thighs were those talismans. By wearing them, Natsuko had been able to reduce her own speed and finally live a normal life again.

She had decided the greatest revenge against the demon who had made her suffer was to use the demon’s curse for good. She had joined the Justice Circus and named herself after the silver bullets used to slay monsters in legends.

Malign Gale was supposed to be sealed in a new doll at the bottom of the Japan Trench.

“Someone was kind enough to salvage me. All so I could see you again, Natsuko.”

Undeniable lust filled the puppy’s bright, round eyes. Its gaze focused on Silver Bullet’s exposed erection.

“I see your body is much more to my liking than when we last met.”

The puppy licked its black nose and took a step forward.

“Noooooo!”

Everything about her situation vanished from Silver Bullet’s mind. She forgot that she was a superhero, that her fellow heroes were fighting, and that the criminals expected to see her sexually assaulted and humiliated.

She felt nothing but terror and trauma at the idea of that demon hijacking her body again.

She turned her back on the puppy and started to run. She ran away. Escaping from that thing was all she could think about.

“Really, Natsuko? Did you forget there is no escaping from me?”

The instant she heard that, she froze with one leg lifted. Almost like a photograph of a sprinter just as they started to run.

The puppy’s mouth opened at a right angle, its body turned inside out, and it became a round blob surrounded by the inside of a stomach.

“Eeeeeeeek…”

Silver Bullet could not move.

Her erect penis grew even larger and semen erupted from the tip with unbelievably force.

The audience cried out in surprise as the white spray coming from the woman nearly reached the tall ceiling of the arena’s dome.

“It’s inside me! It’s inside me! The demon is inside me!” she screamed while stroking her cock and continuing an ejaculation that surpassed human imagination.

The fear vanished from the eyes below her goggles and they instead glowed with a bewitching joy. Her pale cheeks grew flushed and drool spilled from her tense lips. Her female nectar intermittently sprayed from the lips located below the shaft she was stroking so vigorously.

“Y-yes, yes, ahh, it feels so gooooood!”

Silver Bullet – no, Suwa Natsuko – began to moan while a gold and black emblem resembling a third eye rotated 90 degrees appeared on her forehead.

“Ahhhhh, yes, yes, my penis feels so good! I can’t stop the cum!”




 

“Ahh, nhh, Shino-san, mh.”

“O-Ozora, ahhhh.”

Miki and Shino had lost track of how many times they had kissed now. They pressed their lips together, tangled tongues, and exchanged saliva. Every time they swallowed the other’s saliva, hot pleasure scorched their esophagus and stomach.

“More, Nanjou-san. Kiss me more. Ahh, fill my stomach with your drool.”
“Nhh, your drool is great too, ahh.”

They were standing and leaning together, causing their black and red pleasure threads to tangle together like a string figure. Their nipples held in gold and silver rings were connected to each other and their clits were connected to each other. At the same time, Miki’s nipple was connected to Shino’s clitoris and Shino’s nipple was linked to Miki’s clit. As they twisted and turned from the pleasure, the threads tugged complexly on each other, creating a flame of even greater pleasure to burn inside them.

“Don’t forget about me, Miki-chan. You girls can’t have all the fun.”

“Ahh, sorry. I love this too…ohh, your penis and bugs are both wonderful!”

Tall and skinny Damned Beetle was pressed against Miki from behind. A penis far too large for his pale, skinny body and love juices dripped to the floor every time it thrusted in and out of Miki’s melted pussy.

A line of rugby ball-shaped beetles was also marching down her butt crack and into her anus. She actively felt pleasure as it opened and closed along with the bugs’ movements.

“Ahh, yes, my butt feels so good. Ahn.”

She trembled from the bug pleasure and that traveled through the threads to pleasure Shino as well.

“Ah, Ozora, yes, keep doing that to my nipples and clit!”

“Is that all you care about? Don’t forget about my shadow.”

Nether Brute covered Shino’s back and spoke with a voice that did not sound remotely human.

His shadow form was the perfect sex toy because it would cover everything from her mons pubis to her womb and stimulate it all at once. The shadow also entered her ass, traveled all the way to her large intestine, and turned everything it touched into an erogenous zone.

“Ahhh, th-that’s so good, I-I’m going to cum from both holes again!”

“Ahn, me too! I’m going to cum with you, Nanjou-san!”

Miki and Shino’s bodies resonated with each other while they achieved climax over and over and over.

“I’m cumming, nh, mh.”

“I’m cumming, ah, nhh.”

They kissed more times than they could count and tasted each other’s saliva while orgasming. That gave the climaxes a sweet flavor.

“Ahh…”

“Ahh…”

They pulled their mouths apart, sighs and drool escaping them, and then Madam Scroll’s mature breasts and Silver Bullet’s giant cock were pushed in front of them.

“Ahn, please show my boobs some love too. Ahh…”

“Suck my, ah, nh, dick.”

Madam Scroll’s arms and torso were bound by the gruesome baby leather scrolls, preventing her from moving. The bite from the vampire’s toxic fangs had caused her nipples to swell as large as a child’s penis, breaking through the mesh and bursting from her dress. The butt of her dress had been torn open and her mature pussy and ass were being deeply penetrated by a pair of erections.

The two cocks both belonged to her aunt, Countess Cruel. The plump vampire also had a wet vulva between her legs. That was known as being intersex, but she was probably the only woman with two penises.

“Ho ho ho ho ho. How do you like this, Yukie-chan? I stole my dead husband’s cock and had it attached to my own body.”

“It’s incredible, ahh, I can hardly believe, nhhh, that this much pleasure is possible!”

“Only a vampire can provide this kind of pleasure. You are the first step toward my plan of making sex slaves out of the entire Ryuengi family. Lucky you, right?”

A tail had grown from Silver Bullet’s backside while she continued to stroke her always-hard penis. And like some kind of bad joke, the forked tail had spade-shaped purple flesh attached to both ends.

The two spades pushed into both her holes and moved in and out while vibrating like a sex toy.

“Ahh, your nipples are so big.”

“Your penis is incredible too.”

Miki and Shino each used a hand to hold Madam Scroll’s erect nipples. The overgrown nipples were too large to fit in their fingers and they dripped sweet milk like precum. Their different hands moved in perfect unison to stroke the nipples.

“Ahh, I love how you rub them.”

While pleasuring the Madam’s nipples, Miki and Shino brought their lips to the thick head of the penis pushed in front of their faces. Their two tongues produced wet sounds as they crawled along the sensitive pink flesh.

“Ahh, wow, you two really know how to suck dick, ahh.”

Those two pleasured the older heroes while moving their own hips and breasts to increase their own pleasure.

A satisfied smile shined on Damned Beetle’s pale face as he watched Miki’s lewd behavior.

“Yes, yes. Perfect. I’m about to cum too.”

His marble-like cock pushed deep inside her.

“I will give you plenty of cum too.”

Refusing to be outdone, the Countess shoved her two cocks inside her niece.

The first one to get creampied was Madam Scroll. The two penis heads swelled out deep inside her and a disturbingly cold liquid surged out. Red blood dripped down from between the niece’s vagina and the aunt’s erection, but Madam Scroll was not a virgin. The icy blood was in fact the Countess’s semen.

The blood ejaculation should have been unpleasant, but Madam Scroll’s entire body seemed to melt as an orgasm hit her.

“Ahhhh! I’m cumming, I’m cumming! All my embarrassing milk is squirting out!!”

Milk erupted from her stroked nipples with the force of an explosion. Silver Bullet announced her own climax at the same time.

“Nhhhh! I’m…I’m going to cum again! Ahhh, I’m cumming!!”                                

Miki and Shino both got faces full of breast milk and semen. The two thick, white fluids mixed together in their hair, on their noses, and on their chins.

“Eek! It’s so cold!” shouted Miki soon after her facial. She had felt something thick and cold inside her.

“How do you like my cum?”

Damned Beetle’s semen did not at all feel like something from a living human. Miki was being violated by something so disturbing, yet the sexual bonds placed on her body forced her to climax.

“Ahhhh! It’s so good! I’m cummiiiiing!”

She shook her head, throwing the white fluids from her face.

“Ahh, Ozora, move like that and I’ll cum tooooo!”

Nether Brute was a shadow, so he alone could not ejaculate. But Shino’s pleasure still skyrocketed as the threads and something inside her resonated with Miki.

They cried out together.
“I’m cummiiiiiing!!”

“I’m cummiiiiiing!!”

Their duet caused even more milk to erupt from Madam Scroll’s tits and more semen to fly from Silver Bullet’s cock.




Fresh white rained down on them and several numbers were displayed on the hologram. The numbers rapidly changed, growing bigger and bigger.

Milk Crown’s voice rang loud.

“Now, do we have any higher bids? It isn’t everyday you get the chance to make one of those loathsome superheroes into your personal sex slave for the night. No sum would be too much. And you are free to enjoy them in whatever twisted, perverted way you desire. However, if you end up killing them like what happened with Lily Dynamo, you will be required to pay for her life with your own.”

Miki and Shino continued exchanging sweet kisses, oblivious to the fact that they were being auctioned off.

 

Makita Fumio, main newscaster for Peace TV’s Midday News, read off the breaking news handed to him with a proud look on his face.

“An Offbeat criminal went on a rampage in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, at 11 AM this morning. The criminal was a professional cyborg terrorist known as Resonator, who is wanted internationally as the culprit behind the attack on a power plant in Chicago two months ago.”

The screen switched over to a photo of Snow Wing with Silver Bullet and Madam Scroll standing on either side of her, like something from a trading card.

“Resonator was captured thanks to Snow Wing – our own Ozora Miki – as well as two members of the Justice Circus. Now, let’s check in with Ozora on the scene.”

The screen switched over to some live footage. Snow Wing and the other two stood in front of some rubble scattered on the street and the wreckage of a truck. They all wore their usual costumes and Snow Wing’s white wings were spread behind her.

Snow Wing held a mic and faced the camera to speak like a reporter.

“I apologize for taking the day off of my regular program yesterday. After filming at that abandoned hospital, Silver Bullet sent me a secret request for assistance and I began searching for Resonator who we had received word was hiding in Japan. We were unfortunately unable to stop him before this attack, but we did succeed in swiftly apprehending him.”

The camera panned to the side to show the deactivated cyborg warrior being loaded into a prisoner transport vehicle by the police.

Snow Wing – no, Ozora Miki – carried some dark thoughts within her as she spoke into the mic. Resonator could never reveal anything no matter how much he was interrogated. Much like an ancient Roman gladiator, he had been punished for losing in the Dark Arena. His brain had been modified and he had been dumped out here to provide Miki and the others with an alibi.

The superheroes could not reveal the truth. Storyteller’s words continued to bind them outside of the Dark Arena.

And something else continued to bind Miki’s body. Her nipples and clit remained enlarged. The thread had been removed, but the pleasure rings had not. Her sensitivity had been reduced enough to allow her to act normal, but she constantly felt the tingling stimulation which reminded her that she had been made into a slave.

(What am I supposed to do? How can I escape this hell?)