Tropes applying to her in general
Absolute Cleavage: In her business suit attire.
Action Girl: Best showcased in the first half of Episode 1 of her OVA.
Adaptational Villainy: Subverted. In the visual novel series and in the Hell Knight Ingrid anime, Ingrid is one the very few villains that does not sexual torture her victims, and find the act to be very loathsome. Surprisingly, in the anime OVA Taimanin Asagi Spinoff Story, Ingrid apparently had Oboro tortured and raped by some Naughty Tentacles. This seemingly was done to be a possible future setup for Oboro to seek revenge against Ingrid. However, considering what a scumbag Oboro is, this is a definite Kick the Son of a Bitch act on Ingrid's part, especially since Oboro herself had forced Asagi and Sakura to go through all kinds of sexual torture in the original OVA and visual novel, and it's implied that is the very reason Ingrid forced Oboro to be sexually tortured, as a way of giving her a taste of the same pain she made her victims go through.
Affably Evil: Even with her stern personality, she is by far the nicest villain on this list.
All Love Is Unrequited: Although Edwin is certainly fond of his loyal knight, he sadly does not seem to return Ingrid's romantic feelings for him, as he is too focused on Asagi.
Ambiguously Brown: Her skin tone.
Anti-Villain: To the point the only reason she's a villain is because of the side she's on.
Ascended Extra: Goes from being a side character in Taimanin Murasaki to getting her own OVA series. She was also given a large supporting role in Taimanin Asagi 3.
Ass Shove: Poor Ingrid is forced endure this in nearly every installment she appears in, usually from a sex toy. Arguably, the most notable example is during Episode 2 of Hell Knight Ingrid when she was given an enema of orc semen, resulting in a Balloon Belly, and a large butt plug is used to keep the contents in. Kiryuu would remove the plug during one of his Hostel-style show and force Ingrid to have a Potty Failure in front his sadistic aristocratic associates.
Babies Ever After: In the non-canon "Fallen Heroes" bad ending in TA3, the brainwashed Ingrid was apparently impregnated by her orc client while working as Sex Slave for Oboro's brothel.
Baby Factory: Almost suffers this fate with Murasaki at the end of her OVA series, but they spared from this thanks to the timely rescue of Edwin Black and Murasaki's brother.
Balloon Belly: Suffered this in the first 2 episodes of her OVA and in Taimanin Asagi 3, all of which were caused by cum inflation.
Beauty Equals Goodness: One of the noblest demons around who does not need to disguise her appearance like the other villains as her "true form" already resembles an attractive human woman.
Big Bad Duumvirate: Of Taimanin Murasaki with Kiryuu, as she serves as the main antagonist from Kiryuu's point-of-view.
Big Ol' Eyebrows: Her eyebrows are incredibly pronounced, and she's one of the very few characters with this particular trait. They are slightly toned down in the OVA.
Brainwashed: Was brainwashed to be Oboro's slave at the near end of Taimanin Asagi 3, and remained as her slave by the end of the visual novel. Though since Oboro is canonically dead by this point, it's up in the air as to whether it's still in effect.
Breakout Character: Due to her immense popularity, she went from being the third billing character in Taimanin Murasaki to having a larger role in one of the main game and given an entire OVA series dedicated to her. She eventually is Promoted to Playable in Action.
Christmas Cake: In the canon story line of the visual novels, Ingrid is still a virgin in Taimanin Asagi 3, apparently saving herself for Edwin Black.
Combat Stilettos: Manage to pull off Flash Step while wearing these.
Cute Monster Girl: She is stated to be a demon, however she has the appearance of a beautiful human woman.
Dark-Skinned Redhead: Though her hair is more rose pink, but otherwise fits.
The Dragon: Acts as one for Edwin Black.
Defiled Forever: In TA3, its revealed that she spent years saving her virginity for Black, only for it to be taken from her by a horse-man demon.
Even Evil Has Standards: Despite being an “evildoer" from a Hentai, Ingrid actually deeply despise the practice of raping and/or torturing people. She has shown open distaste to the villains who commit these vile actions. A few times, she would even try to prevent the other villains from committing these crimes, unless Black says otherwise.
Even the Girls Want Her: A dark example, as Oboro takes pleasure in sexually torturing Ingrid and personally "plays" with Ingrid after she was brainwashed to be Oboro's slave in TA3.
Evil Counterpart: Maybe not exactly "evil", but she seems to be one for Murasaki. Both do share several personality traits, like being stern and confident, but can be a bit cocky in battle. There is also the fact that both expressing nothing but Undying Loyalty for the leaders of their organization, Asagi for Murasaki and Edwin Black for Ingrid, due to being in love with them.
Fatal Flaw: Her utter devotion to a man who does not love her back is a strictly-negative thing, and one that forces her to do morally-questionable acts as his Noble Top Enforcer instead of thinking for herself. And while Black does sort of care about her, it's the way he'd care about a well-made weapon, rather than her as a person, and his dark designs ultimately call for her death as well as the rest of the world.
Flash Step: She is faster than most Taimanin.
Friend to All Children: She has a big soft spot when it come to children. Kiryuu was able to use this to capture her in the OVA.
Hidden Depths: She actually does do real secretarial work for Edwin Black, so her business suit female attire isn't just a civilian disguise.
Hopeless Suitor: While Black does care about her, it's pretty clears that he was his eyes set for Asagi.
Informed Deformity: After being raped by horse-men demons in TA3, the experience apparently gave Ingrid a permanently "baggy cunt". For obvious reasons, we have to go by the characters' Take Our Word for It.
Kick the Son of a Bitch: As mentioned above, Ingrid forces Oboro to go through rape and sexual torture in the spinoff story OVA, possibly as punishment for her evil deeds. Needless to say, it's an incredibly fitting and cathartic punishment, especially when one remembers all the horrible things Oboro did to Asagi and Sakura.
Kill It with Fire: Anything that is cut by her blade will spontaneously combust into hellfire.
Mythology Gag: In the Hell Knight Ingrid OVA, was given a Balloon Belly due to cum inflation on two occasions, which never occurred in Taimanin Murasaki. However, a similar scene was used in TA3, where Ingrid suffered a Balloon Belly in the same manner as the OVA series.
My Master, Right or Wrong: Given how much honor and innate decency she shows of her own volition, this is basically the only reason she serves Edwin Black.
Noble Demon: She is a Friend to All Children, hates seeing Taimanin (who are technically her enemies) being tortured and raped, and is a genuinely nice person, who just happen to be The Dragon for the series Big Bad. Honestly, she can easily pass off as one of the heroes if it wasn't for that last part.
Noble Top Enforcer: She is The Dragon to Black, but she still the most noble evildoer in the entire franchise.
Older Than They Look: The fact that she doesn't visible age after the 8 years time skip between Taimanin Murasaki and Taimanin Asagi 3, is a clear indication that she is much older than she looks.
Pay Evil Unto Evil: Quite often, Ingrid will brutally punish her enemies, who are usually rapists, orcs and other evil scum. Oboro especially ends up on the receiving end at Ingrid's hands (See Adaptational Villainy and Kick the Son of a Bitch above).
Promoted to Playable: In Action. Ingrid was initially introduced as a boss, but was later made into a playable character for the game.
Purple Is Powerful: Her "hell knight" outfit has purple trimming and she is NOMAD's best fighter after Edwin Black himself.
Sex Slave: Becomes one in the good ending of Taimanin Asagi 3, thank to Oboro brainwashing. Only time will tell if she will be able to escape this fate in a future installment.
Sexy Secretary: When she isn't out slaying demons or fighting the Taimanin, she is Edwin Black's secretary. As you can see from her profile image, she is certainly looks good in her uniform. Oddly enough, her civilian outfit is describe as a Hot Teacher costume in Action.
Stylistic Suck: In Action, she's pushed to star in a cheesy children's show to try to improve Nomad's image, where the bad guys are thinly-veiled versions of the Taimanin and she's forced to wear skimpy-looking armor. It turns out that the original idea came from her beloved but not-very-creative apprentice and ward, and Oboro rubber-stamped it to humiliate her.
Subordinate Excuse: The only reason she works for Black is due to her feelings for him.
Thong of Shielding: The black thong that's a part of her "hell knight" outfit.
Token Good Teammate: The only "evildoer" in the series that does not advocate raping or torturing people, even if they are her enemies. Naturally, this makes her a target among the other villains. She's also the only subordinate of Black whose loyalty never changes to him of her own volition, further highlighting how much more noble she is despite her choice of allegiance.
Underboobs: When she is wearing her "hell knight" outfit.
Undying Loyalty: Toward Edwin Black.
Vapor Wear: Even in her civilian garb, she clearly isn't wearing a bra.
Villain Protagonist: Serves as the main protagonist in the spin-off Hell Knight Ingrid OVA. Though the better term would be Anti-Villain Protagonist.
What Happened to the Mouse?: Her fate in TA3 good ending route is left ambiguous, seeing as the last time we see her she was still Oboro's brainwashed slave. In the Fallen Heroes bad ending, Oboro eventually sold her to a brothel, but good ending route leave it unclear if Oboro was able to do the same thing in that timeline (which might be the case as it would effectively remove Ingrid as a threat to the Taimanin), or if Ingrid was able to break free of her mind control due to Oboro's death before that could happen.