Ingrid (イングリッド) appears as an antagonist in Taimanin Murasaki and Taimanin Asagi 3.
She is a noble Demon and Hell Knight that is completely loyal to Black as his right-hand woman in Nomad. As the more moderate, second in command of Nomad, many members try to get her spot. She was also leader of the Black Dragon Order of the Hell Knights before joining Edwin Black.
ngrid is stern, strict and chivalrous, acts professional most of the time, but will let the mask slip when thinking about Edwin Black.

Though intimidating, she is reasonable and intelligent but remains loyal to Black's direct orders, despite her own views. Her moral standards are overall rather high, but she will put those feelings aside to do her duty without hesitation. Furthermore, she is against the rape and torture that Nomad is known for, even when it is against Taimanin that are her enemies. Regardless, she has also demonstrated to be relentless in her pursued if she is suspicious of foul play or betrayal, she had been willing to torture in such cases or extract memories by extreme means. However, Ingrid never does so with sadism or joy on her mind, thinking about it as necessity for Nomad’s sake and stability.

In fact, she seems to be under a lot of stress and if given an outlet to to vent will do so for many minutes. Might even be a bit superstitious, as she vents to fortune tellers. When fantasizing about Black, often views herself as swooped away by his charm, in his arms but snaps back to reality often quickly just to sigh; "never going to happen". While fighting, she is honorable and will allow her opponents to concede and does not rely on cheap tactics or cheats. She is experienced and will kill with no hesitation if attacked. She acts cocky in battle but shows mercy against opponents that beg for their life, as she does not attack those which lowered her weapons typically.
When Kiryu Sabato became the owner of a new Chaos Arena and presumingly leaked the location as a trap for the Taimanin Murasaki, this only served his own agenda and not allowed by Nomad. In the year 2075, it was Ingrid that helped to knock the Taimanin out, when she arrived with Black, though the help came with a high cost for Sabato. Ingrid voiced strong concern about Sabato's loyalty to Black from the start, and suspecting that Sabato worked against Nomad's interest. She gathers slowly information, taking away his science staff at some point. Learning too late that Sabato sold data to Dragon Gate, she stormed the Chaos Arena. Sakura and Murasaki on the stage, but Sabato that was scheming all along, fuses with Murasaki and fought Ingrid, on equal ground. In the chaos and panic of the audience, Sabato, Murasaki and Sakura were able to escape, leaving Ingrid behind.

Though a "what if" shows her captured, canon wise she escaped without any issue afterwards.
In Taimanin Asagi 3, year 2082, Ingrid is seen again fighting against the Masked Taimanin in America (UFS). Ingrid later returns to Japan and saves both Fürst and Oboro, who failed in a plan to capture Asagi at Gosha Academy. Both Murasaki and Asagi cross blades with Ingrid but as the Nomad members are at a disadvantage they escape for now, taking Asagi's then boyfriend, Kosuke as a hostage. Ingrid voices her dislike for Oboro and Fürst's tactics and abilities, a conflict they seemingly had for a long time that at that point further escalated in secret.


Ingrid is kidnapped by Oboro, that together with Fürst turned her into a hypnotic slave, as they wish to obtain her position. Losing her virginity in the process, she was mentally controlled by Oboro, to have a direct line to Edwin Black. Oboro humiliating her, by implanting the idea that a hell knight's duty is that one of a prostitute. Under Oboro's control she suggests to Edwin Black, that Murasaki and Sakura shouldn't be turned into demons but to be sold as slaves as punishment in the true ending. Which made the saving of Murasaki and Sakura possible, in the Asuka route.

After Oboro's death the contract slave seal, should be, just like with Asagi, void. However, as Edwin Black is dead in the true ending of TA3, and she isn't shown anymore, it is unclear if she would continue to work in Nomad or return to her Hell Knight duties.
A3 events do not take place.

While not present as Fuuma Kotaro (TABA), took the half-dragon Tia, in the year 2082. Ingrid had been blamed for the security error and seems even years after this annoyed by it. She appears to be the main contact of Julia, until Julia was discovered as a secret Nomad assassin in the Fuuma Organization. Ingrid's lore is expanded with Dolores being a distant relative she takes care of. Lina being a Hell Knight trainee that learns under her and Carmela being her rival back in the dark world, as well as other Hell Knights she knew. A power up alternate form is also introduced in "What If" events. Using the power of the dragon "Grenier", that she summoned from the Dark World, Ingrid can become far stronger but also very unhinged. She was present during the capture of Olivia Brew, she intended to kill Olivia but was stopped by Black, who wished to experiment on her.

Ingrid encounters Fuuma Kotaro for the first time in a serious manner in the Neo Chaos Arena, year 2083. Pretty much outclassed by her fighting power, Ingrid was only stopped by being pulled into a lewd dream by the power of Lilim along with the rest of the audience and contestants. Kotaro fled afterwards, Ingrid also had been blamed for the escape of Tia a half dragon, who was meant to help Black with the creation of a gate. Since, then she has been under a lot of stress.

She appears in a minor role during the time Io Orion, having been abandoned by Kotaro as an ally and picked her for Nomad, even feeling some pity for her.
In year 2084, Ingrid takes a bit of a break at one of the beaches not knowing that at the same time, Fuuma Kotaro (TABA) also takes a vacation after he defeated his father. Her blade is stolen by Crackle, who brings it to Kotaro, with Kotaro trying just to get away from trouble. However, as lower members are knocked out and Ingrid herself becomes active, Kotaro takes over the body of a Witch, and as Ingrid encounters him, pretends to be just fortune teller. Ingrid, who seems to be rather superstitious but also views it to unload stress, suddenly becomes very talkative, barely changing the names of the people she complains about. As Kotaro, is unable to move for what feels like hours, Fuuma Tokiko tries to create a distraction in a Nomad base to push Ingrid away. However, as Kotaro starts to talk himself ,and summed up Ingrid's issues, without thinking as he mentioned Ingrid's love for Black and some details that Ingrid technically has not revealed she became suspicious and ready to attack but was forced to back down because of Tokiko's distraction.

In year 2085, Tekkain Kaworu, Valentia and Kia Maleek, work together to take over the Fuuma Organization. Ingrid's rival a fellow Hell Knight Carmella, is drawn in with fake information and fights both the arriving Taimanin Akiyama Rinko, while getting no information from Ingrid's former pupil Lina.

In year 2086, Ingrid defeated Lark Shasha, and warns Kotaro after he killed Fürst, that Black would now act. She states that she is only here to "judge", which she says with a hint of sorrow and tells Kotaro to be prepared if he wishes to protect those he cares for.

Ingrid, fights for Nomad in the final confrontation. As Fuuma Kotaro (TABA) is captured forces of the Taimanin, DSO, demonic allies and Fuuma Organization, storm the hideout. M most higher ups of Nomad encounter enemies with Kaliya fighting Astaroth. However, Ingrid herself faced with her trainee Lina, who had switched side and had become one of the Fuuma 7, one of his strongest units. Regardless of this fact, Ingrid held no ill will and respected Ina's choice to fight for what she believed in. Through, the outcome is never seen, as the world of TABA was facing its reset shortly afterwards. In the Epilogue world, she appears together with Ingrid, both having a bit of vacation time, as they slightly bicker with each other.
ement and corruption past the death of the True Demon King, and Bismarck current rule.

When, Ingrid still worked as the leader of the Black Dragon Order, of the Hell Knights, she was respected by everyone. She is also mentioned as the one that defeated "Grenier" and sealed the dragon in her body. she later on defeats a powerful Hydra as well. Beowulf another Hell Knight is revealed as an old friend of Ingrid and dragon killer. Additional lore is revealed with her being one of the Prime Hell Knights, that became one by an old dangerous ritual, which is not typically used anymore in modern times. Old legends exist in the Greenfort Village about Ingrid and how she saved the place. Edwin Black, also mentioned that he met her here probably the first time but details of this old meeting are currently unknown.

She is also seen back in the days as a member of the Hell Knights, when visiting the Rosemary Territory and encountered Lina for the first time, who became so impressed, she wished to become a hell knight and supported that dream.

When Edwin Black (RPGX), formed Nomad and Zero Nations Group, year 2063, together with Shinganji Sakyo, Ingrid had already joined him. Shinganji Kaede knew of Ingrid, and wished to see Greenfort Village, to learn about Black's close aid and possible love rival. Certain details are currently missing but Ingrid was put in charge of most of Nomad operations with Black acting as the CEO on paper. Ingrid appears as a leading figure of Nomad taking care of the Palace of Darkness in Yomihara, while Edwin Black is away. Leaving guard duty often to her trusted student Lina, she also had moved a family member Dolores to one of her homes in Yomihara to keep an eye on her, worried for her after a family tragedy.

While, Nomad was rather hostile with the Taimanin, their releations had somewhat cooled over the years. Ingrid is seen first together with Oboro, denying the Task Force G agent, Hestia, access to Yomihara. Dismissing, their desire to capture members of the Independent Commando Unit, which had entered the city.

In the year 2084, Ingrid is informed that the Independent Rangers defeated Spider Lady, though she considers opposing them she decides against it. The talk is cut short by a heavy earthquake that hits Yomihara, not long after Lina rushes to Ingrid to report that the Demon Arena was acting strange. The entire geometry of the space had been twisted by gravity. As speculated by Elena, a spacetime quake from the demon gate or other source, had connected this realm with a different reality. Ingrid, Lina and Elena tried to explore the realms, but most seemed to be abandoned of life with unknown technologies. Reaching a number of Llyr and Kanaloa, Ingrid defeated a jellyfish-like being called the Me-duse but the group was unable to find an exit out of the facility or even reach the surface of that realm. Forced, to return, the rift did not close and remained open for the next week. Worse, an unknown fever, started to spread in Yomihara, which made no difference between human or demon and killed both after a while. Lina had fallen sick, and even Ingrid herself was hiding that she came close to her breaking point. Learning from Dolores, which knew about curses, that this was not just a disease but a curse from that other realm, Ingrid assumed the Me-duse had not been killed and returned to that realm to finish it. Ingrid became unexpected help from Igawa Sakura as Sakura had learned from a shopkeeper and the orc Alphonse about the disease, and was told by the fate reading eye of Nadra Vyrol, that Ingrid would require her help to save Yomihara. Sakura sneaked but also got an item from Lina, as suggested by Nadra. At first Ingrid did not trust Sakura, thinking it had been an outside attack but when that Sakura had been given a wallet with multiple pictures of Ingrid, she believed that Lina had agreed to help. Though, she also was very embarrassed, in the end both women were able to work together surprisingly well. When confronted by the "Ghost-Jellyfish Me-duse", they noticed the ability of it to appear and disappear even after getting hit by a deadly attack. Sakura spread a network of shadows around the room, as Ingrid used the power of the dragon, to attack the Jellyfish again and again, as Ingrid's power almost came to an end, Sakura pulled the real Jellyfish out of a 2D space on the ceiling, and Ingrid killed the real one in one blow. Afterward, Sakura carried Ingrid in a secret home, not to look pathetic, as the rift began to close.
She also appeared in other smaller events, like the O-Daiko festival. Even after "Kuroto" (Black) returns, she remains the most in charge of current Nomad. As Black is teleported away by Euryale to the demon realm and walks many month to get back, Ingrid does not know about this and just continues to do her job until his later return.

In the year, 2085, she was asked by Lina for a way to become a real Hell Knight. Though Ingrid, already, viewed her as more than worthy, she mentioned the primordial ritual of the Hell Knights, which required the approval of 3 senior Hell Knights, and a special ritual fight. Ingrid, obviously gave her approval and sent Lina, to her old friend Beowulf and rival Carmella, for the other two endorsements. Lina, in the end was able to finish the test just like Ingrid had in the past.

As she acts as a more balancing force, compared to Fürst or Oboro, Kousaka Shizuru and the Yomihara Neighborhood Association prevent an assassination attempt on her by Bunny K. While Ingrid, ended the life of Bunny K, the next year the women was able to return alive, with a restored sanity.

In the year 2086, Ingrid also battled other assassins like an agent of "G" Ares, and Revenant Knights of the Corpse Lord, but survived thanks to the help of Taimanins and Lina, as well as Oboro, which leaked the information of the attack. Ingrid, was able to make the connection between Fürst, Wraith and also Oboro, not long after. In another event, while watching a race on the Tokyo Kingdom Circuit, she killed Vritra, a cheating racer which attacked the audience.

Ingrid, cut the support and protection of Fürst as he was discovered to be a double agent of Teutates a rival of Black. Fürst was taken out afterward, by the Independent Rangers and Nisha Ninja Troops.
In year 2087, as Oboro's double agent role for Teutates, the Corpse Lord, is revealed to her, Ingrid still is able to tell she is not fully loyal to the Wraith. Ingrid forms a short partnership with the Taimanin, and allows Oboro's transport to Amidahara Prison by Alectra to be interrupted by both Wraith and Taimanin. Oboro's "soul" is captured and taken by the Taimanin as insurance and Oboro is for now allowed to return to serve as an executive but under the close eye of Ingrid. As they learn that the Landshark mafia of Lady Shark also belongs to Teutates after this bait, they attack their hideouts.

In one of those attacks, Lina takes out Lady Shark but is gravely injured by the sudden appearance of Felicia and survives with the arrival of Ingrid. As both Lina and Ingird attack Felicia, Ingrid noted that she had never seen this girl, as Teutates arrives to save his "daughter" before she might die against the two Hell Knights.

A later event, see a cooperation between Taimanin and DSO, which struggled to fight the Anzu, which threatened Japan with a typhoon. Ingrid was convinced by Lina and Dolores to support them. She gave Lina, her sword after she had gained shortly wings, with the help of Lilith Abel Bindernagel. After, Lina defeated the enemy, together with Mizuki Yukikaze, Koukawa Asuka and many others, she returned the blade back to Ingrid.

In year 2088, after the Gaiza Massacre and destruction of the Demon Gate in Yomihara thanks to Ragnarok Sinmara, Ingrid struggled to keep Nomad running. Though, Teutates had been killed, Edwin Black (RPGX) had gone missing, and though research showed he was still alive, his location remained unknown. Though, not everyone was aware that Black was missing, people felt the destruction of the Gate to the Demon Realm in Yomihara, which increased the prices and crime rates significantly. Ingrid asked Shinganji Kurenai to take leadership position, calling her princess but Kurenai refused but agreed to an advisor role. However, Ingrid pushed Kurenai into a leadership role regardless. The no longer cursed and brainwashed Felicia fell unconcious and was recovering in the Palace of Darkness HQ as well. Ingrid has also allowed Beowulf to stay in the Nomad headquarter, as her old friend became stranded she helped to deal with Teutates. After a visit of the Independent Commando Unit, one day before the new semester. Fuuma Kotaro felt it was clear that Ingrid aimed to restore the Demon Gate, though she gave no confirmation, as this could increase the tension between Nomad and the Taimanin further.

In June, year 2088 Ingrid is captured in a spirit dream world created by the Marriage Golem, a Brain Flayer which got recently unsealed. In the dream she believed to be Princess Ingrid of Karenberg of the Karenberg Kingdom, which needed to enter a political marriage with prince Andreas of Bevelshtam, a nearby kingdom. As Ingrid's senses were dulled, she was unable to tell truth from illusion. Meanwhile, outside Dolores, Lina, Fuuma Kotaro, Coolidge and Chevalier got ready to help Ingrid and pull her out of the dream, with Kotaro sending Amamiya Shisui into the dream spirit world. Shisui interrupted the fake marriage and pulled Ingrid away from the illusions, which tried to pull her back, without understanding Ingrid was able to use her blade and encountered Lina as well, with a dream Lina trying to stop her again. The same happened also with Dolores, but Ingrid was always able to tell the truth with her old memories flashing back to her. However, the group still needed to defeat the Golem, inside the dream and knew he would take the form of Edwin Black (RPGX), regardless of being aware of that fact, Ingrid was overwhelmed and pulled away by the disguised Marriage Golem. Remembering her recruitment, "Black" married her and like in a dream, she entered a normal family life with him. However, as he talked about potential children, mentioning the name Fumika in the case of a girl, Ingrid remembered Shinganji Kaede and Black's love for her, which pulled her out of the illusion for good. The other people now back around Ingrid, could now all see the Golem in its true form and Ingrid destroyed it in a single strike.

Afterward, the others suspect, that Teutates or the Brain Flayer had unsealing it, but Kotaro called the true culprit. Juno and Empusa revealing themselves, with Juno saying it wasn't her fault and she couldn't remember anyway, with only Empusa apologizing for her liege. Chevalier was asked for an additional talk with Ingrid at a later point, with plans to take down Teutates being on the table, people voicing that the final battle was close. A quick request for Ingrid and Nomad's resources by Kotaro, which still held on to a ancient book of the Wise Lord given to him, which he was unable to translate, something that could potentionally help in the upcoming final battle.

After, the death of Nisha Gaiza and of Teutates, as well as the sabotage of the Wise Lord, with the ancient book, which destroyed the Demon Gate Yomihara, as well as Ruri its guard, Ingrid was forced to take up leadership on her own, with Edwin Black (RPGX) gone missing during the battle with Teutates. However, "Felicia" or what would be then called Shinganji Fumika could be recovered and Shinganji Kurenai agreed to assist Nomad in these hard times, and the loss of control in Yomihara. Ingrid, continued to push for Kurenai, to take up the leadership completely, stubbornly calling her princess, much to Kurenai's dislike. Ingrid would continue, her work keeping Nomad, together and talks with Fuuma Kotaro, she was looking for a way to recreate the gate and return Edwin Black, though Kotaro was unsure, what the Taimanin as a whole would think about this. Both the Japanese government and UFS, were against the Gate reopening, but for the sake of stability factions in the Taimanin at least supported the idea, as the trade had kept the crime rates down, unlike now. Ingrid, quickly, made a deal with the Assassin Lord, Ceres, which in truth was one of the Naga Chiefs like Kaliya. Ceres, true name Vasuki, and her planned to meet up at Demon Gate Amidahara, and Ingrid traveled there herself in secret and gathered assistance from Aishu Hebiko, Kotaro and Almeria, revealing that Ingrid knew Almeria pretty well. As the gate of Amidahara was cursed and weakened magic users crossing it, Ingrid and the others acted as guards but the Wise Lord, send out his assassins and knights, with Ingrid facing the Hell Knight, Arondight and guard, Suzuka. Meanwhile, Kotaro, Hebiko and Vasuki, dealt with the Wise Lord, and the mind controlled dragon Zmei. The group was able to save Vasuki, and both continued their search to reopening the gate, confirming that the gate in Amidahara was the result of Brain Flayer technology. Outside the support of the Assassin Lord, the plan was also in secret supported by the Phantom Lord, Mizuki Shiranui, which was growing her influence in Amidahara.

At a later point, Ingrid, had called Shinganji Sakyo, to check on the state of Shinganji Fumika. Further, assistance came through former Nomad, Demonologist, Belphegor. He confirmed that Fumika's body and soul, had been combined and originally, she was a twin, after separating the souls from each other weaker soul "Felicia" disappeared but Kurenai and Fumika remained confident that their other sister was still alive somewhere. Ingrid, as well, continued to be also confident that Black was still alive, and looked for ways to return him.

Saved, Kotaro from Gosha, after he had been labeled a traitor by the government, as he agreed that the gate restoration was needed, as the absence was causing an outbreak of Infected. In truth, Asagi, Ingrid, Mizuki Shiranui, Vasuki and Fuuma Kotaro had made a plan to fake his death, so he could find Kukri in the demon realm, and get the government of his back. However, Ingrid was forced to share the information of his faked death to at least a handful of more people, that were about to cause chaos otherwise, as well as Kurenai that had been unable to act after hearing about it, spending her time in bed crying, until she was informed.
Ingrid is encountered by the Taimanin Task Force, which searches for Edwin Black in Tokyo Kingdom and pushed back before the arrival of Black. She is witness to Noah Brown defection to the Taimanin as well. Afterward leaves with the arriving Edwin Black.
Ingrid is again seen in the defense of a Nomad base after a combined attack of the Death Wraith and Taimanin Task Force, she was once more saved by the arrival of Edwin Black that wished to protect his pawns. As the fight goes on and both the Death Wraith King and Astaroth, start to fight Edwin Black, she is pushed back and fights, Onisaki Kirara and Akiyama Rinko, in the end she is overpowered by the Task Force and saved by Oboro that picks her up, as she would otherwise refuse to flee and die.

Ingrid joined an ongoing mission at a coastal village where a demonic outbreak had been triggered by a secret pact between Nomad member Fürst and village leadership. Several villagers had undergone transformation into fish-like demons. The situation was being handled by Annerose, Homare Nao, Shishimura Koro, and Arabella Glucksheim. Ingrid focused on locating and neutralizing the Naga proxy

Ingrid decided to give Lina a medal of honor, which could also allow Lina to become an executive of Nomad. She even gained the support of Oboro, though this was more so done, as Lina often pushed Ingrid in rather embarrassing situations, much to Oboro's delight. During the ceremony, the Hydra they fought many years ago returned and tried to kill Ingrid, keeping this a secret so that the ceremony wouldn't be interrupted she excused herself on the phone and tried to deal with it on her own. She gained additional help of the guests Lilith Abel Bindernagel, Dolores and Selvia Rosemary but as Lina noticed how many were missing, she noticed something was wrong, and joined the group. Lina and Ingrid were in the end again able to defeat the Hydra, with the ceremony being postponed.