Thunderclaps: Chapter 3 - Final Night of Justice

“As a man who has dedicated his life to science, it truly pains me to have to announce this, but the laws of physics were broken within the Smithsonian’s first show room. Magic is the only word I can find to describe what happened there.”

(1963, from Physicist Dr. Eric Hamilton’s paper after investigating the location of Master Enigma and Spellbearer’s battle)

That was the first time a scientist official recognized the existence of magical Offbeats



I walked through the first darkness I had ever experienced.

It was a much deeper darkness than ordinary sleep.

Eventually, the darkness became a corridor. I was walking through a corridor of the lab in which I was created.

There was a door there. A metal door. I had never seen it before. I had only been created five days prior, so there were a lot of places I had not seen yet. I grabbed the knob and found it was locked, but my strength easily broke it.

There was a woman inside.

That was the first person other than my father I had ever seen. All of the people I had seen before that were only educational images my father had shown me.

“Who are you?” I asked.

“My name is Hyuuga Youko, a molecular biologist. I work at the Midway University biolab in England. Although it has been two months since I went missing, so I may not have a desk there anymore.”

The smiling woman was seated on a hard bed. She had shackles on her legs that chained her to the bed which was bolted to the floor.

“Who are you? And why are you in Doctor Disorder’s lab?”

“I…”

I had no name at the time.

“My father calls me his daughter.”

Her face lit up.

“Then you are my daughter.”

I shook my head.

“I was created by my father. He is my only parent.”

“I am aware of that. But still.”

She got down from the bed and walked over. The chains rattled heavily behind her and that sound seemed to draw me into the room.

“Ah,” I said.

Something was moving in my head. Something was flashing there – screaming there. And I could instinctually tell that this woman had made me. She explained how that came to be.

“Doctor Disorder created you by cultivating you cell by cell. You could say he created you out of nothing. With one exception: the brain’s nerve patterns. Those he copied from my brain.”

“Nerve patterns?”

“Yes. When you use a muscle frequently, it grows, right? Human brain cells are similar. Some parts are used a lot and some used very little depending on your environment and experiences. The ones used very little will die and the ones used a lot will allow nerve impulses through more easily. That process creates different nerve patterns for everyone. Even identical twins and clones with identical DNA will have different nerve patterns. That is why people will respond differently when encountering the exact same thing. That is what we call our personality and individuality. But the two of us have the exact same nerve patterns.”
I didn’t understand it at the time. But when she touched my hand and when her fingers squeezed my hand, I suddenly found great meaning in a term that had only been part of my educational data until then. I naturally spoke that term aloud.

“Mom.”

She hugged me.

“Can I call you Kirara? I wanted to give that name to the daughter I always wanted but could never have.”

“Ki…ra…ra.”

I repeated the sounds back in my mouth. That was when I received a name all my own. That was when I was born as Hyuuga Kirara.

All of a sudden, I felt a warm sensation. I had never felt anything so incredibly soft before.

Where did I feel it?

My lips.

Something pressed against my lips and – ah – parted them. It touched my front teeth and continued on. Something sticky tangled with my tongue, and…



“Nhh!”

Kirara’s eyes opened to see a beautiful woman’s face.

(She’s kissing me! With tongue!)

She shook her head in surprise and pulled away from the woman’s lips and tongue. Laughing and producing the cheerful ringing of some bells, the woman hopped back to reveal she was dressed like an Arabian dancer.

The dancer seductively wiggled her entire body as she hopped around in front of Kirara. She wore a half-cup bra decorated with various jewels and the weighty breasts within danced rhythmically with her movements. Her navel contained a diamond and it wiggled back and forth like another creature altogether.

The mystery woman wore a red choker with the letter D glittering metallically.

“Wh-who are you!?”

Kirara tried to take a fighting stance, but she could not. Her body wobbled unsteadily and she heard a metallic sound.

She was still dressed as Flare and her limbs were bound. The costume had torn before, but it looked good as new now.

In the center of a room filled with metal boxes and no actual furniture, her wrists and ankles were held in metal rings attached to the pair of chains falling from the ceiling and another pair attached to the floor, leaving her floating in midair forming a large X.

“Do you really think these chains can hold me?”
She gathered strength in her limbs, but the chains would not budge. She should have torn through them with ease, but no amount of tugging accomplished anything.

“Having fun, Miss Superhero? You’re no stronger than a normal person right now.”
The belly dancer nimbly twirled around in front of Kirara, producing a clear jingling from the bells on her bracelets and anklets.

“My powers were taken!? Did you do this?”

“Nope. By the way, my name is Joy Division, but you can call me Joy.”

“You’re the Arabian djinn that escaped from Ogasawara.”

“Got it in one. Now, Flarey, your power problems are caused by a special device implanted in your head. It keeps you from using any of your Offbeat abilities.”

She responded cheerfully and stole Kirara’s lips again.

“Nh, stop that! Hh, nmh, what the hell is wrong with you?”
Kirara’s protests went ignored as Joy stole and licked her lips while calling out to someone.

“Yahooooo! Doctor, Eclipsey! Flarey’s woken up!”

“Doctor!? It can’t be.”

A portion of the metal wall in front of Kirara slid to the side and two people entered. The first was the young woman who had supposedly been badly injured. All of the injuries were gone and her broken legs had fully recovered.

Her sexy body was contained in a black enamel bondage outfit with a skull-shaped protector on each shoulder. She too wore a black choker bearing the letter D.

But Kirara did not even see her. Her eyes glittered with hatred and fury as they focused on the man.

He wore a scientist’s lab coat. It was hard to tell with the right half of his face turned into a machine, but he looked to be in his 50s.

According to the Interpol documents Kirara had read, this man claimed to have lived since the mid-19th Century by modifying his own body. Genetic analysis had confirmed the existence of Offbeats who were Neanderthal survivors from primitive times and that were half-elves, so that claim could not be immediately dismissed.

His criminal record had left scars the world over. He had destroyed a city on a whim with a superweapon he created, he had distributed an extremely dangerous drug he had developed himself, and he had plunged the world into chaos with a computer virus. He had none of the usual ambitions like world domination or vast riches. He lived for nothing more than to destroy order and spread chaos across the globe with his scientific talent.

But Kirara was not interested in his profile.

“Doctor Disorder! You sorry excuse for a human being. Was the mass Ogasawara jailbreak and today’s attack by Grand Guignol and Daydreamer your doing!?”



The half-machine genius mad scientist shook his head sadly.

“It is true I received some assistance from my brethren in Ogasawara to bring my runaway daughter back home, but that is not the issue here. You sadden me, daughter. How could you say such hurtful things to your father after being kept apart for two whole years? It was I who built you from simple molecules into a whole human two years ago.”

“Who cares? I am not your toy. I am my own person. I am Hyuuga Kirara. I am a superhero. I am Flare of the Thunderclaps!”

“If Kirara is the name you wish to go by, then so be it. But my greatest mistake was allowing you to carry such misguided thoughts in your head, Kirara. I was in such a hurry to complete you that I ended up copying that scientist woman’s brain. Those model thoughts led you astray and made you rebel against your father and run away.”

“Hyuuga Youko is my one and only parent. She is my mother. Working with the other heroes to capture you is the greatest pride in my life.”

“Being thrown into the same prison as those imbeciles was the greatest humiliation in my life. But all of that is my responsibility. I will forgive you for all you have done, Kirara, so come here and obey your father like your adorable little sister does.”

“Sister?”
The bondage woman sneered coldly at Kirara.

“He means me, my sister. Since you decided to call yourself Flare, father named me Eclipse. A computer he programmed created me in his second lab while he was imprisoned in Ogasawara. And unlike you, my brain was not modeled on anyone, so I am truly our father’s daughter.”

“A slave to a villain, you mean. And why is that djinn working with you?”

Joy laughed with a cheerful smile that contrasted with Eclipse’s.

“Because it looks like I can have a lot of fun if I stick around with the Doctor. Who needs more of a reason than that?”
Seeing the djinn’s innocent smile made Kirara feel powerless. She felt like that devilish heart would never be moved by human logic or emotion. She could not look the djinn in the eye, but then the Doctor’s mechanical eye was thrust into her view.

“Now, my daughter. This family reunion is cause to celebrate. First, you can tell us all about the Thunderclaps. Where is your base? What are the other three’s secret identities? What are their powers and weaknesses?”

“How dumb are you? Why would I ever tell you that?”

“A very good question indeed. But blood relatives – especially sisters – can communicate without words. Do it, Eclipse.”

“Yes, father.”

The bodysuit containing the younger sister’s sexy body creaked as she grabbed the neck of Kirara’s pure white costume. The fabric was made to be impervious to normal human strength, but it easily tore and revealed her cleavage.

Eclipse’s fingers with black-painted nails touched the exposed collarbones and a strangely cold sensation spread through Kirara’s skin.

“What are you- argh!”

The fingers entered Kirara’s skin. She felt no pain this time as the hand sank in up to the wrist.

A phantom thief with the Offbeat ability to pass through solid objects had once phased through her, but this felt entirely different. Instead of slipping through her, she could tell her cells were fusing together with Eclipse’s. She shuddered at the creepy sensation of a chest and a hand from separate people becoming a single organ.

The Doctor smiled with great enjoyment when he saw the displeasure and disgust on Kirara’s face.

“I suppose this would be enough to shock even a superhero. You and Eclipse were created from the same materials and with the same method, so you are truly identical twins. Thus, your bodies can easily fuse together. Once your nerves are connected, she can easily read your memories.” The mechanical side of his lips curled sharply up. “Well, that was the plan anyway. But we tried it while you were passed out and it didn’t work. You see, I had implanted your brain with a device that prevents your thoughts from leaking out in order to protect my secrets from telepaths and the like. That barrier happened to be even more powerful than I expected.”

Kirara smiled boldly despite having Eclipse’s hand inside her.

“Sounds like you’re your own worst enemy.”

“My talent surprises even me at times. Breaking that barrier will require overloading your senses fist.”

“So you’re going to torture me? Let me warn you – that won’t get you anywhere.”

“I am well aware. I created you to be the ultimate warrior woman. There are many methods I could use to give you pain, but I am sure you would endure them all. But pleasure? That is another story.”

“Pleasure!?”
Kirara’s arm chains shook.

“I should know you better than anyone,” said Eclipse.

“You certainly understand that part of her better than she does. She ran away before I could activate that half of her true functionality. Eclipse, Joy Division. Let us teach Kirara who she truly is.”

“Yes, father.”

“Okey-dokey, Doctor.”

Kirara vividly sensed Eclipse’s fingers moving within her chest. Those fingers grabbed something inside her, moved it, and connected it.

Then the hand left her chest, leaving no mark at all on her smooth skin.

(What did she do to me? What is my true functionality?)
“Your lips are so exciting, Kirary. I can barely contain myself.”

The djinn’s plump red lips parted and her tongue stuck out.

Kirara clamped her own lips shut.

That long, narrow tongue crawled along, poked at, and licked along her tense lips. Joy’s clear saliva soaked Kirara’s lips and lower face.

“Nhh.”

Kirara swung her face to the sides and shook her restrained body in an attempt to escape the forced kiss. Her bonds dug into her skin and the four chains rattled.

After licking all over Kirara’s lips, Joy finally pressed her own lips against her.

“Nh, nhh.”

(Wh-what is this feeling? I’ve never experienced a kiss like this.)

Kirara had been created two years ago and had never been in a relationship. Some men had been drawn in by her beauty and had asked her out, but she had felt like it would be wrong for a nonhuman like herself to be in a relationship with a real human. Plus, she had no sexual feelings, so she could not give those men what they wanted.

Still, she had been kissed before. Bell had grown up in South America, so she would often use an innocent kiss as a type of greeting. And because Bell was Bell, she would also sometimes stick her tongue in Kirara’s mouth as a joke.

Bell’s lips and tongue had felt soft and warm, but nothing more than that.

“Nh, ahh, kh.”

(Ahh, th-this is completely different. All she’s doing is licking my lips, so why do I feel so hot? My body is burning.)
Afraid of her own reaction here, she tried to keep her mouth even more tightly shut, but she could not find the strength to do it.

In fact, as Joy sucked at her lips and poked at the gap between with her tongue tip, Kirara’s mouth started to open on its own. She was about to accept Joy’s loathsome tongue.

“Hh…nh, kh…mh.”

(No. I can’t open my mouth. If I do…)

She did not know what would happen then, but her body and mind were permeated by the fear that accepting the djinn’s kiss would irreversibly change her in some way.

And yet…

(No, no, no no, no no no no no.)

A sweet flavor seeped between her closed lips.

That was Joy’s saliva – a spirit’s drool.

That bizarre and powerful flavor stimulated her mouth. It sweetly demanded she accept it.

(I can’t open my mouth!)

Her soul cried out in protest, but her lips succumbed.

She opened her lips and Joy’s tongue invaded.

“Nh, hhhn…kh.”

(No, ah, ahh…I can’t, no, ahhh.)

Someone else’s tongue was moving all throughout her mouth.

(Ah, ahh. Why is her tongue so warm, soft, and sweet? I-it feels…)

“Does it feel good, Kirara?”
The Doctor’s voice striking her eardrums was like a splash of cold water for her melted mind.

“Nh, hh, nhh.”

She shook her head again, but Joy was locked onto her lips too tightly. Her creator’s semi-mechanical voice mercilessly assaulted her ears.

“I just had Eclipse complete what was left incomplete within you. Your sexual nerves were never hooked up, but she has connected them now so you can feel sexual pleasure. Now you are finally complete as the strongest warrior who will fight for her father and as the sluttiest sex slave who will pleasure her father.”

(No! I am not your slave! And I’m definitely not a sex slave! Ahh!)

Joy’s invading tongue tangled with her own. Her own tongue responded on its own by accepting the djinn’s caress. Their tongues tangled and rubbed together.

She could not bear to listen to the wet and indecent sounds coming from her mouth. She could not accept that a part of her own body was doing that.

Yet she could not stop her tongue from moving.

(Ah, ahh. She’s just rubbing…and squeezing my tongue. Ugh, that can’t possibly feel good.)

“Nh, nhhh.”
Lots of saliva was sent into her mouth, but she could not spit it out with her lips covered and her tongue being sucked at.

“Kh, mh…nh.”

Joy’s saliva continued to flow as if from a never-ending fountain. She had no choice but to swallow it.

She spent 5, 6, and 7 minutes – and maybe longer – swallowing the saliva. Each time it flowed down her esophagus to her stomach, heat spread out to the rest of her body, bringing a tingling sensation. It was like the djinn’s saliva was stickily flowing through her blood vessels.

Just as she thought she would drown if Joy kept it up much longer, her mouth was finally freed.

“Ahhh.”

Kirara took a heated breath and the djinn’s saliva flowed from her mouth, dripped to her chest, and soaked her pure white costume.

“How did you like my kiss? In the ancient Turkish imperial court, my saliva was known as a holy nectar and people would pay small fortunes for it.”

Unable to wipe the saliva from her face, Kirara glared at the djinn.

“I-it was repulsive, you freak.”

“Oh, that’s a shame. But I’ll make it up for you by making sure you enjoy this next part.”

Joy raised one index finger and stuck it between Kirara’s large breasts and gently moved the finger along through her cleavage. She must have used some kind of inhuman sorcery because the costume made from a special material and the bra within were both sliced through at a touch. The slice was spread wide by the force of the breasts pushing out at it.

The djinn stuck both hands inside the costume’s slit to pull both mounds fully out into the open.

Kirara’s cheeks flushed red. It was humiliating being exposed in front of an enemy – and the man she most hated at that.

Her chains rattled as she shook in rage and embarrassment, but Joy viewed her bared breasts with a sexual smile on her lips. The djinn’s black pupils transformed to a beautiful color never seen in a human.

Kirara realized that Joy Division’s two living jewels were ablaze with lust. It was a wicked light that derived joy from trampling and destroying others to fulfil her own desires.

(And my body is her current target.)

An icy chill ran down Kirara’s spine. This scared her more than any of the powerful and brutal Offbeats she had fought in the past. Yet her chest felt hot where Joy’s saliva had reached it. Her breasts were throbbing along with the beating of her heart.

Joy reached out with both hands and touched Kirara’s trembling right breast.

“Ahhh!”

A sweet shock raced up from her chest to her brain. Her suspended body bent backwards and shook front to back.

“Hee hee hee hee hee. Oh, Kirary. You’re so sensitive. But that’s a first-timer for you. Now, what happens when I do this?”
Joy let some saliva drip down onto Kirara’s right breast and her fingers crawled bewitchingly along the mound as if to rub her saliva into the soft flesh.

“Ahh, ah…ahn, hh.”

With each rub of Joy’s fingers, a heated throbbing awoke within the breast and Kirara was overcome by a pleasure that seemed to melt that breast. It felt like her own body had betrayed her and sided with that brutal and sexual woman.

“Kirary, your tit is fantastic. It’s pressing back against my hands and still jiggling so much. Here, I’ll massage it for you.”

The ten fingers gently rubbing the surface began to dig into the soft flesh. The mound had stuck out with the ideal curve with the light pink nipple at the peak, but now it was distorted to Joy’s will.

“Ahh, ah, s-stop!”

“Look, look. It’s getting even firmer to the touch.”

(I-it’s so hot. My right breast feels so hot. It’s getting so firm I can’t stand it. Why does it feel so good when she touches me?)

While Doctor Disorder and Eclipse watched on, they could clearly tell a difference in the size of Kirara’s breasts. With only the right one tormented at length, it grew firmer and stuck out further. Its untouched areola had grown swollen and the nipple was erect.

“Stupendous, my daughter. Exactly as I designed you. Your body is incredibly resistant to pain but highly sensitive to sexual touches and pleasure. The perfect lewd body for a sex slave.”

“No! No, no, no! I am not- ahhh!”

Joy flicked the saliva-wet nipple with her index finger. Even greater pleasure exploded within and Kirara twisted her body. Her costume’s cape and skirt fluttered.

“No, not there!”

“Not there? Not where?”

She flicked the nipple a second and third time.

“Ah! Nkh! Stop! Kh! Stop! Ahn!”

The shock echoed through her body each time and she twitched like a poorly-operated marionette. The sweat on her flushed cheeks and left breast was thrown to the metal floor.

“With each poke, your nipple just gets harder and harder. It’s so big and stiff now.”

Her right nipple was in fact a size larger than the left one and it was throbbing as it awaited further stimulation.

(What a shameful sight. Is this really my body?)

“Fighting it is bad for you. When something feels good, you should come out and say so.”

“Th-this does not…feel good – kyah!”

Joy pinched and twisted the nipple while strongly licking the tip with her wet tongue. And her left hand continued massaging the breast as a whole.

“Ah, ahhh! Ye-”

Kirara just about said “yes”, so she clamped her mouth shut. But she could not stop the moans from escaping the corners of her mouth.

“Ah- ahhhn…ah, khh…nhh.”

Unable to bear the embarrassing sounds coming from her mouth, she desperately tried to cover her ears, but the cruel chains refused to budge. The mad scientist’s voice slipped into her ears along with the own moans.

“No, Kirara. Give in to the carnal pleasure ruling your body. A wonderful future awaits you.”

“No! Ahn…I refuse to – ah! – do anything you say! I am a superher- ah, wh-what!?”

Kirara distinctly felt a change within her right breast.

As it was massaged, poked, and licked, she felt something throbbing within. The throbbing grew more powerful by the second and it provided an internal pressure to combat the external stimulation.

“Ah, ahh, what? Nh, something’s…something’s coming!”
The pressure from inside and out created great pleasure and her nipple grew even harder.

“It’s coming! Something’s coming! Ahh, my boob is going to burst!!”

Just as she felt that sensation, she felt mind-numbing pleasure like someone had driven a red-hot skewer into her nipple and deep into her breast.

And a white liquid erupted from the end of the right nipple.

“Hgh, heeeee!

The liquid shot out a full meter and drew a white line on the floor.

Joy’s massaging fingers caused the milky liquid to spray out even more powerfully. This time, the djinn cried out in joy as it sprayed all over her half-cupped breasts and stained them white.

As Joy stroked the nipple, Kirara shook her head, skirt, and cape and cried out in pleasure while the milky liquid sprayed out.

It looked a lot like Kirara was producing breast milk, but it was not being secreted by the many mammary glands in her nipple and areola. A single large stream was squirting from the tip of the hardened nipple like when a man ejaculated.

The release of the white mystery liquid was accompanied by such great pleasure that her mind and willpower melted away. The words she had been desperately suppressing flowed out of her mouth along with tears from her eyes.

“Y-yes, yes! It feels so good! My boob feels so good! And my nipple too! Ah, ahh!”

The pleasure as the liquid came out led her to shout a phrase that had been subconsciously inputted into her brain but that she had never expected to use.

“It feels so good. I’m cumming, cumming, cumming! My boob is cumming!!”

“Hee hee hee hee hee. Such a beautiful voice, my lovely Kirary. Let me hear more.”

Joy persistently stroked the nipple. She slowed down and sped up unexpectedly and the milky liquid continued to squirt out.

“Kh, ah, ahh, m-my nipple is cumming, cumming, cumming! I’m cumming!!”



The white liquid finally stopped after a full 5 minutes. Kirara had experienced climax for that entire time, so her flushed face slumped down. Her upper body shook and her large breasts jiggled as she tried to catch her breath.

The torrent of pleasure had kept her from even catching her breath and her mind had gone entirely blank, but the Doctor’s semi-mechanical voice defiled that blankness.

“How did you enjoy your very first sexual climax, my daughter?”

“C-cli…max?”

“Yes. I created your breasts so they will ejaculate a white liquid much like a man’s semen when your pleasure reaches a certain point. That white puddle at your feet is all the proof you need that your breast achieved orgasm. But since this substance is very different from ordinary breast milk, I have chosen to call it titcum. Regardless, you can achieve ecstasy with your breasts alone, so you are far luckier than an ordinary human woman.”

Kirara’s mind felt like all though had been scorched from it, but the voice of her creator brought an indomitable fighting spirit back to it.

“You monster. You can’t just toy with people’s bodies like this! You won’t get away with- ahh!”

Her resurrected fighting spirit was swept away by a wave of pleasure. Joy had snuck up behind her and grabbed at both her breasts. Her body had been created more sensitive to pleasure than average, so this superhuman sexual technique was more than she could bear.

“This time, I’ll make both your tits cum at the same time.”

“N-no, don’t. Ahh…ah, hhhn…stop.”

The orgasmic pleasure still lingered in her right breast, so it responded even more sensitively to the massage than normal.

The left one also quickly grew firm and the nipple erect, as if it had been waiting for this.

The djinn sucked on Kirara’s right earlobe and teased both her boobs with the perfect finger technique.

“Ahh, ah, khh…no, leave my chest alone!”

As much as she tried to fight it, a sweetness filled her protesting voice.

As Eclipse watched her beautiful sister withing in the spirit’s hands, her cheeks flushed and she turned a begging voice toward her creator.

“Father.”

The blush on her cold face was at odds with her brutal and revealing bondage outfit decorated with twin skulls. It gave the created villain woman a strange allure.

The Doctor’s mouth twisted into a smile and he licked his lips. He opened his mouth to reveal the right half of his teeth and tongue were mechanical as well.

“Do you want the same thing as your sister, Eclipse?”

“Yes. Please, father.”
“So both my daughters are sluts. But I made you that way, so of course you are.”

He moved behind his daughter much like Joy was behind his other daughter and he grabbed the large breasts that already looked ready to spill from the enamel costume.

“Ahhh.”

A sensual cry of pleasure and embarrassment escaped Eclipse’s mouth. But instead of the true embarrassment shown by Kirara, this was a sweet variety meant to further arouse herself and her partner.

He removed the chest of her bondage outfit to reveal breasts similar in size and shape to Kirara’s. Also like Kirara’s, the heavy-looking mounds stuck proudly out in defiance of gravity.

The nipples were already erect and the firm mounds glittered with sweat as they awaited the pleasure provided by their creator.

“Ahh, father, h-hurry, do what you always do.”

“Is this what you want, you dirty girl?”
Several dry sounds came from his mechanical right hand. The five fingers split open, the palm and back of the hand opened up, and manipulators of various shapes emerged. More emerged from the hem, collar, and chest of his white coat.

To Kirara, who was feeling overheated by carnal pleasure, the precise manipulators approaching Eclipse’s alluring body looked like a spider preparing to devour a poison moth caught in its web.

They gathered around Eclipse’s large breasts and the tips of various strange devices pressed against the soft flesh. The beautiful shape of her breasts was distorted.

“Ahhh, yes, father! Ahhhn!”

The machines began to vibrate slightly while pushing into her flesh. Her giant tits jiggled irregularly in every direction from the multitude of vibrations surrounding them. Fiery pleasure burned within her from a massage that a normal person could never provide.

“Ahhh! Ah! Yes, it’s so good, father! My boobs are on fire! On fire!!”

She lost control of herself as she writhed in pleasure, so her enamel thong rode tightly up into her ass and she rubbed that ass back against her father’s crotch. The instincts installed within her did not let her forget to seduce him.

It was unclear whether Doctor Disorder could enjoy the feel of those breasts like this, but he made no attempt to hide his obscene smile. He rubbed his biological left hand along his daughter’s tight stomach.

He knew exactly where she liked it, so her breasts grew firm while the vibrator machines dug deeper into them. Some sort of clips latched onto the erect nipples and vibrated them as well.

“Yes, yes, yes, father! Make my tits cum!”

“You want to cum that badly, my daughter?”
The daughter nodded her melted face in response to her father’s whispered question.

“Yes, ahh, I want to cum while, ah, I squirt out lots and lots of titcum. Ahh, please make me cum lots and lots.”

“Then you can deepen your sisterly bonds by achieving orgasm together. Go stand in front of your sister.”

“Ah, yes, father, ah, ahn.”

Eclipse moved forward with the vibrator manipulators still tormenting her breasts. Her legs tangled together and her hips wobbled, but she managed to move in front of Kirara who was still bound and receiving a breast massage.

One sister was a superhero and the other a criminal, but they were so close that their erect nipples just about brushed against each other. They could sense each other’s elevated body heat.

Side by side, it was obvious how similar their body types were. That must have been the Doctor’s preference.

“We will make both sisters cum simultaneously. Got that, Joy Division?”

“You betcha, Doctor. Inducing orgasm is my special, special, specialty.”

The djinn’s hands squeezed Kirara’s breasts tight, causing them to squish forward, pushing the nipples out.

The vibrator manipulators matched the movement to push Eclipse’s mounds out in front as well.

Kirara and Eclipse’s nipples touched.

“Ahn!”

“Khh!”

The sisters cried out in unison. The spirit’s magic hands and the mad scientist’s machines moved the two pairs of nipples so they caressed each other.

“Ah, ahh, no, n-not my nipples…ahh, no, no.”

“Yes, ah, nhh…it’s so good, ahhn, m-my nipples feel so good.”

Kirara desperately tried to fight the pleasure and Eclipse truly welcomed the carnal pleasure, but neither of them could keep their body from wiggling around. The rubbing of their nipples seemed to create sweet sparks within them.

“Ah, no, why does it feel so good? I don’t want this…but it’s so good.”

“Ah, ahhhn. Father’s vibrators and Kirara’s nipples, ah, ah, are the best.”

As the pleasurable heat filled her once more, Kirara began crying out in protest and defeat at the same time.

Eclipse spoke only of the pleasure as she shouted loud.

Sweat flew from the sisters’ endlessly wiggling bodies and their flushed skin rubbed together. The Doctor and Joy’s skillful touch had both of them rising toward climax.

“No, no, ahhh, it’s happening again, I can feel it, it’s going to squirt from my boobs again…ahhh!”

“Father, I’m cumming, I am! I’m going to shoot titcum from my tits…ahh!”

The sound of a liquid squirting forcefully through a small hole played four times at once.

The Doctor and Joy lifted the breasts to point them upwards.

Kirara’s nipples erupted with two streams of milky liquid that splattered all over her sister’s face.

Eclipse’s titcum shot out and soaked her sister’s moaning face.

“Eeeek! I’m cumming, I’m cumming! My boobs…my boobs feel so good! I’m cumming!”

“Ahhhh! I’m cumming, I am! My tits feel too good. I’m cuming, father! I’m cumming!”

The father was delighted by the sisters’ simultaneous breast ejaculation.

“Mwa ha ha ha ha! Now, which sister can produce more titcum?”

“Ahh, me, father! Ahh, I’m cumming! I will produce more for you! Ahhh, I’m cumming!”

“My, my. But Kirary here is the big sister, so I’m not going to let her lose.”

Joy began massaging the breasts and stroking the nipples more intensely. That forced the titcum out of Kirara no matter how much she did not want it.

“Nooo! I don’t want to make any more milk! Ah, I’m cumming! I won’t do it, ahh, I’m cumming, I’m cumming!”

The manipulators vibrated more intensely too.

“Don’t you lose, Eclipse.”

“Ahhh, I will never lose to that traitor, father! Ahh, I’m cumming! I cumming and cumming and squirting out more and more titcum! Ahh!”

Sure enough, the nipple ejaculation hitting Kirara in the face grew stronger.

Kirara’s mind was boiling over with pleasure, but she also sensed a strange sweetness on her tongue. Her sister’s titcum was entering her mouth while she moaned.

“C’mon, Kirary, are you gonna just let her win? I’m rooting for you, so show her what a big sister can do.”

“What’s wrong, Eclipse? Are you going to be beaten by the sister who abandoned me?”
“Ahh, no, I’m cumming! Don’t make me! I’m cumming! I can’t take it anymore, I’m cumming!!”

“More, make me cum more! Ahh, I won’t lose to Kirara! I’m cumming!!”

The sisterly breast ejaculation competition lasted a good ten minutes. The titcum continued erupting throughout, so the sisters were drenched from head to toe in the sticky stuff.

Once Eclipse was finally released from the vibrator manipulators, she could not remain standing and fell onto all fours in the puddle of titcum soaking the metal floor.

But Kirara was not even allowed that since she was still chained up. Her mind had gone blank and she could not form a single coherent thought. White stuff dripped from her nipples even after Joy let go, each drip accompanied by a sweet tingle that made her back twitch.

After a while, fear began to enter her blank mind for the first time. And words left her mouth unbidden.

“I…I…I’m going to die. This is…going to kill me.”

Doctor Disorder gave her a horrific smile.

“Not to worry, my daughter. I created you and Eclipse with the most powerful bodies. This is nowhere near enough to harm you. And I shall prove it by doing so much more to you. Until you yourself are as slutty as your body.”



The elevated platform of Nerima Station, part of the Seibu Ikebukuro Line extending from Ikebukuro, gave a view of a large Japanese-style mansion with a black-tiled roof. It had once belonged to a historical family, but they had gone bankrupt two years prior, the house had been sold at auction, and the daughter of a wealthy family returned from overseas had bought it. Or so the story goes.

The sign on the front gate currently said “Rindou Rei”.

Back in her room full of her favorite antique furniture, Rei sat in an especially expensive black lacquered chair while still in her Star Thunder costume. She reached for something like a vermilion tray sitting on the writing desk that matched the chair.

The tray’s plastic surface had several circles lined up on it. They resembled a computer keyboard, but the circles contained strange symbols that were not the alphabet, numbers, or hiragana. Also, there was no monitor in evidence within the room.

One lithe fingertip touched a symbol.

A 3D image of a golden-glowing girl standing only about 10cm tall appeared in the air above the desk. With round glasses and a braid shaped like a lightning bolt, she made for an adorable visual image for an AI.

“Little Bolt, contact Justice Circus HQ with my top priority code.”

“Understood, master.”

Three seconds later, a figure glistening dark like coal appeared to the right of Little Bolt.

It looked like a modern art sculpture representing the human form with a collection of black spheres and pillars, but it had two red lights on the sphere analogous to a head. Those were eyes.

The three fingers on the right arm were far thicker than a human’s and they moved to the round head to form a salute.

“This is Black Might. I am on duty today. We always appreciate your efforts, Miss Star Thunder.”
The Justice Circus was Japan’s first superhero team established in 1965. While the Thunderclaps kept the whereabouts of their base a secret, the Justice Circus had a sign up in front of their HQ in Ginza. Team members had come and gone over the decades, but they had always been a central presence for Japan’s superheroes.

Black Might was one of the Justice Circus’s current members.

He was originally a robot developed with the funding a certain scientist had acquired by selling the project to the military as an anti-US weapon during the Pacific War. But after the robot’s completion, the scientist had run off instead of giving the robot to the military.

The scientist had continued to improve the robot in secret until its AI had reached a level of awareness similar to that of humans. Unfortunately, the scientist had been killed by an international criminal organization known as the Secret Cabal and Black Might had ended up with the Justice Circus once they destroyed that organization’s Japanese branch.

Rei told the superhero robot how Flare had gone missing.

“This gives me a very bad feeling. Could you assist us using the Justice Circus’s information network?”

“Understood. I will commence emergency contact measures with our active and reserve members. Flare-san is invincible, so there is nothing to worry about.”

Black Might’s eyes changed to a gentle blue light before he ended the transmission.



Joy Division used a wet cloth to clean Kirara of her sister’s titcum.

Her face and her Flare costume looked pristine again, but when the djinn touched her breasts, Kirara still let out a sweet moan while a tremor ran down her spine and a white liquid dripped from her nipples. That meant the breasts themselves were never wiped dry no matter what.

Her mind gradually resurfaced from the pleasure haze, but she found herself still chained up, her breasts being tormented, and an impatience burning her body as it approached another forced orgasm.

That was exactly what Doctor Disorder and the djinn wanted.

“Now I’ll do something even more fun than playing with your boobs.”

Joy laughed like she had a tambourine in her throat and it tickled at Kirara’s earlobe. The djinn’s lips crawled down her spine over the costume and she lifted up the back of the skirt to reveal a youthful butt covered by white fabric.

Realizing what Joy was doing, Kirara cried out in fear.

“S-stop! Not there!”

“My, my. You know what I’m going to do? You’re such a dirty girl, Kirary.”

The djinn’s giggling breath touched a place that Kirara never touched in public.

She knew what anal sex was thanks to living with Rei and she did not think there was anything wrong with it, but she was not interested in trying it out herself and it terrified her to think of a hated enemy doing it.

Worse, she could imagine herself writhing in pleasure again, just like with the earlier attack on her breasts. So she had to cry out in protest.

“Stop. Don’t touch me there!”

“Yeah, it can be scary your first time, but I’ll make sure you can relax and enjoy it.”

The voice coming from near her butt was punctuated by the sound of snapping fingers.

An oval mirror appeared in the air in front of Kirara’s face. It had a gorgeous frame, like it had been taken from a dresser in some wealthy person’s home.

It floated entirely motionlessly with nothing to support it. Even a genius scientist like the Doctor let out an impressed breath at the mysterious sight.

This sort of absurdity was only possible with the magic of an Arabian djinn.

Kirara focused on her reflection in the floating mirror. Bell was also a magical Offbeat, but she could not do this. Bell could only summon nature spirits, so manmade objects like this were beyond her ability. Assuming this mirror really was manmade, of course.

The face in the mirror transformed from that of a captured slave to that of a superhero analyzing her foe. But…

“What!?”
Her face vanished from the mirror.

Instead, a butt in white sweat-soaked fabric appeared there.

Joy’s smiling face approached the butt in the mirror and she rubbed her cheek against it.

“Hee, ahh!!”

A strangely pleasurable sensation clearly surged through Kirara’s butt cheek.

(That reflection is definitely showing my-)

As if she had read Kirara’s mind, Joy stuck out her tongue in the mirror and licked at the plump butt.

“That’s right. If you can see what’s going on, you won’t have to worry about a thing. So take a good look, okay?”

Joy gave the costume a rub and its skirt and the white fabric covering the butt and crotch fell away. The djinn’s fingers parted the beautiful exposed butt cheeks.

“Ahh, no, no!”

Kirara’s face grew red with embarrassment. The image in front of her eyes was one she never should have seen.

She saw the beautiful bud breathing at the bottom of that sweaty valley of flesh.

She wanted to look away, but she could not. She could clearly tell the bud was rising up from within as if in preparation to bloom.

(I’m aroused. My body is turned on. It really was made for this kind of thing.)

“Wow! Your anus is so pretty, Kirary!”

“Of course it is. I designed her after all.”

“Mine is prettier, father.”

The three of them circled behind Kirara and began commenting. It was so embarrassing her entire body trembled, rattling the chains.

“Stop. Stop, stop, stop! Don’t say that! Hyah!”

Joy buried her face in Kirara’s ass. Her lips sucked and her tongue tip poked at the bud.

“Ah, ah, khh.”

A camera could not have captured it with Joy’s face in the way, but the magic mirror showed it just fine. Her tongue made wet sounds as it crawled around and its wriggling movement was plain to see in the reflection. Each time that magic tongue moved, Kirara’s young butt felt sparks of pleasure just like – no, greater than – when her breasts had been massaged.

“Ahh, ah, my butt, nh, not my butt.”

She was helpless. She let out a mixture of sweet moans and humiliated cries while wiggling her hot and tingling butt every which way. What remained of her skirt fluttered around.

In the mirror, her violated ass reacted joyfully to the stimulation. The flesh bud twitched each time the wet tongue tip came knocking and it opened up to accept the djinn’s tongue inside. Each movement produced ripples of pleasure that assaulted the rest of her body.

Her anus opened and closed like it had a mind of its own and she found she could not control it herself. Seeing it let her feel the humiliating pleasure all the more vividly.

(Ahh, no, this isn’t my body. My butt would never be so indecent. Ah.)

“Ahhhh!”

Her anus finally captured the tongue like a carnivorous flower.

“Don’t do that! Don’t do that!!”

While she lost control of herself and shouted out loud, her ass happily took the djinn’s tongue inside. It slipped wetly inside her.

“Ahn, nh, nhhh. I-it’s too much.”

The feeling of the tongue inside her pushed her over the edge. Just like the attack on her breasts, she said something that trampled on her pride.

“Yes! It’s so good!”
Her butt lifted high while a sticky fluid entered it. Joy used her tongue like a straw to skillfully send her saliva inside.

“Ah, ahh, ahh, ah, my butt, my buuuutt!”

Her inner flesh was loosened by the djinn’s bodily fluid.

“No, my butt is changing!”

“No, it isn’t. Your butt was always like this. A normal woman would subconsciously squeeze her ass to keep something out of it the first time, but yours was made to be penetrated and to love it. Your true ass was designed for sex. It was made to drool and accept things inside it. When it’s teased, you moan. When it’s penetrated, you writhe. When it’s fucked, you cum.”

“No! No, no, I…ah, yes, ahh, your tongue is moving in my butt…it’s moving! It’s so good!”




It was unclear how the djinn managed to speak so clearly with her tongue inside Kirara’s ass.

“My tongue is nothing like your silly human ones. Check this out.”

“Ahhhh!”

She pulled her tongue out and waved it around in the mirror’s reflection like she was going to lick Kirara’s pleasure-flushed face with it.

“Wh-what?”
The invincible superhero cried out in fear.

The mirror showed Joy’s tongue extending like a chameleon’s and irregular bumps appeared on its surface.

The tongue had transformed into a bizarre sex toy and it wriggled in a way that looked all the more hideous given Joy Division’s idol-level looks.

For the first time in her life, Kirara got goose bumps from her disgust toward an otherworldly monster.

“No, don’t put that inside me.”

“But I just know you’ll love it.” Joy wiggled her long tongue back and forth. “The ancient Arabian caliphs and sultans couldn’t get enough of it.”

“It would be a good for you to experience an anal orgasm, Kirara.”

“Wait, father. I want one too. Please show my ass some love too.”

Eclipse turned her back toward her father and removed her enamel thong. She dug her fingers into her own butt cheeks and spread them while showing her exposed crotch to the Doctor.

“Oh? You are wet. Shamelessly wet.”

“Of course I am. Your eyes on me are enough to make me melt.”

Eclipse scooped some female nectar from her own secret flower and rubbed it onto her throbbing anus.

“Ahn, nhh. Father, kh, hurry up and fuck me in the ass. Ahh.”

The doctor’s mechanical eye glittered with desire.

“Very well. Eclipse, move alongside your sister and keep your ass spread.”

“Yes, father!”

Her face lit up and lined up to her suspended sister’s left.

One skull shoulder pad bumped into Kirara, causing her to sway.

(Eclipse is jealous of me.)

Kirara could see the burning flames in her sister’s sharp gaze.

(She’s jealous and anxious about the desire Doctor Disorder is showing me.)

The Doctor moved behind Eclipse and a new manipulator extended from his white coat. Several small and squished beads were connected by a thin cord that vibrated. It was shaped similarly to Joy’s transformed tongue.

When Joy snapped her fingers again, the mirror in front of Kirara extended horizontally to reflect Eclipse’s butt as well. The two sweaty asses did look a lot alike. Both of them had Japanese faces, but their butts were lifted high in the Western way. They really had been created to fulfill a mad scientist’s sexual desires.

The mirror showed Eclipse spreading her butt even wider and wiggling it in circles to seduce her father. Her anus spread open much like Kirara’s had, but it also squeezed shut again before repeating the process. Eclipse was consciously controlling it.

The indecent sight brought a squeezing feeling to Kirara’s heart.

(She’s downright desperate to make sure I don’t take her father from her. She has a mind of her own. And that mind truly loves the man who created her. But that is a waste of emotion. No matter how much she loves him, Doctor Disorder lacks the heart needed to respond to other people’s feelings. He only sees me, Eclipse, and the world itself as his own playthings.)

“Ahhhh!”

Kirara’s painful thoughts were erased by intense pleasure. She bent back while red sparks flashed in her vision. Beyond the unwanted flames of pleasure, she could see Joy’s bizarre tongue slipping deep inside her on the mirror. The saliva on the tongue was wiped off at the entrance so it dripped down.

Shortly afterwards, the vibrating anal beads were inserted into Eclipse.

“Ahhh! Yes, father!”

The Doctor and Joy exchanged a grin.

“Let’s see whether my science or your magic is superior.”

“You’re on. Whoever makes her cum first wins.”

The magic tongue and mechanical arm made serpentine movements and vibrated within the sisters’ asses.

“Ah, nh, no, no, why does it feel so good!?”

“Ah, hh, ah, ahh, yes, yes, oh god yes!”

The endlessly dancing tongue elicited damp and heated moans from Kirara while she writhed enough to rattle the chains. If not for those chains, she would not have remained standing.

“Ahh, wait, father, I’m going to fall, ahhh!”

As Eclipse’s butt melted from the carnal pleasure, she could no longer stay in that pose. Her hips gave out and she subconsciously grabbed at Kirara. The extra weight of the sister caused the shackles to dig into Kirara’s wrists.

Their sweat-slick bodies pressed stickily together. Eclipse’s fingers squeezed at Kirara’s aroused breasts in search of support while her own breasts squished flexibly against her sister’s body.

A newly familiar sound came from their chests.

Kirara’s erect nipples erupted with titcum that flew out between her sister’s fingers. Eclipse’s squished nipples dripped a milky fluid down her sister’s body.

“Eek, not my boobs again, ah, ahh.”

“Ohhh, my tits are cumming again.”
The pleasure was no match for the orgasm from having their breasts attacked directly, but both breasts still exploded with pleasure while ejaculating and the pleasure rushed from their brainstem to their ass. The pleasure from breasts and butt fused together and echoed on back up to their chest, causing another geyser of titcum.

The father continued attacking the younger sister with the anal vibrator and he gave her an order like a child who had found a new favorite treat.

“Good, good. Eclipse, kiss Kirara and massage her chest.”

Eclipse’s face twisted with agonized jealousy.

“No. Ah, I refuse to kiss the woman who betrayed you, father. Nh, hhn, I will not do it.”

“But she has returned to us on this joyous day. Family must get along, so kiss her. And massage her chest. If you do not…”

A coldhearted tone suddenly filled the Doctor’s voice.

“Y-yes, father. I understand.”

Eclipse turned a horrifying look toward her sister. It contained envy of the person her father had created first. It contained hatred of the person who had betrayed that father. It contained jealousy and panic at finding her father wanted that person more despite the betrayal. A mixture of all those emotions was directed right at Kirara.

“Prepare yourself because- ah, kh, ahhhh!”

The vibrator began to pull from Eclipse’s ass.

The irregularly-shaped balls emerged one by one from the butt reflected in the mirror. A clear fluid dripped from the widened anus in a quantity clearly beyond anything a normal person would produce. Once one ball was fully removed, the anus squeezed back shut, but the next one would soon widen it once more.

Something similar was happening to Kirara’s butt alongside her. Joy was following the Doctor’s lead and slowly pulling out her tongue.

“Ahn…ah, my butt…no, ahhh.”

Kirara shook her hair, which Eclipse grabbed at so strongly it felt like she would pull it out.

“I want to – nhh – tear you to pieces…ahh, but this is what father wants.”

“Stop…ah, I don’t want to kiss- mhhh.”

Kirara tried to turn away, but with her superhuman strength taken from her, she could not resist Eclipse. Her sister’s lips pressed against hers.

“Nhh…mh, hh.”

“Nkh…nh, mh.”

After nearly pulling all the way out, the tongue and vibrator pushed deep inside them once more.

“Ghh!”

“Mhh!”

They subconsciously tangled their tongues as if hitting each other with the wave of pleasure hitting them from their lower body.

“Khh…hh…gh.”

“Kh…ahm…hh.”

Manipulated by the objects pumping in and out of their asses, the sisters tilted their heads to either side and used their tongues more strongly. They sucked at each other’s mouths, mixed their saliva together, and swallowed it. The saliva they failed to swallow dripped out as drool and fell from their chins to their breasts.



While the sisters made out, their large breasts squished together between them, causing the four soft mounds to spread out. Eclipse’s hands mercilessly worked at Kirara’s transformed breasts. She squeezed so hard it probably would have crushed a normal woman’s breasts, but in her current state, this provided Kirara with unbearable pleasure.

“Nhhhh!”

Titcum flowed from both nipples and erupted out from between her and her sister’s breasts as a white fountain. She arched her back in a way that applied pressure to Eclipse’s chest too.

“Ahhhn!”

Eclipse’s nipples ejaculated just like her sister’s had. Their titcum mixed together to double the force of the white fountain. Their faces and hair were quickly soaked with the white stuff.

The repeated nipple ejaculations deepened Kirara’s anal pleasure. She could feel the tongue in her ass more vividly and her instincts told her the time of humiliation was fast approaching.

“Ahh! No, I don’t want to cum! No, not with my butt!”

“Make me cum! Ah, father, make me cum first!”

“Good girl,” said the Doctor. “Go ahead and cum, Eclipse.”

“Oh, dear,” said Joy. “You had better not lose, Kirary.”

Both items were pulled out even more forcefully than before and their asses erupted with love juices.

“Ah, ahhhhh, I’m cumming! My butt…my butt is cumming! Nooo!”

“I’m cumming, father! A-anal feels so good! I’m cumming, I’m cumming!”

The white fountain from the sisters’ chests rose even higher. Soaked with her own titcum, Kirara’s head drooped down. Eclipse leaned against her sister’s body to just barely remain standing.

But the mad scientist and the djinn were not done yet. They shoved the tongue and vibrator back inside again. The weakly-closed holes were forced back open.

“Ahhh!”

“Ahh!”

The sisters pressed even harder against each other, their nipples rubbed together, and they soaked each other in titcum while being driven to yet another climax.

“No! Ahhhn, n-not again! I’m cumming!”

“Father! Kh, I’m cumming again! I am!”



Two figures soared across the night sky above Yokohama’s Chinatown.

The beautiful silhouette alone was enough to know one was a mature woman.

The other was a girl still in her teens.

They jumped from rooftop to rooftop among the Chinese-style buildings that area of the city was known for and they ended up spying through the gable window on a large warehouse’s roof.

A dozen or so gang members were completing a black market deal on firearms within. The man who looked like their boss had a fearsome visage colored a glittering turquoise. He was wearing a mask with two horns sticking out from the forehead.

“That’s Jade Horn’s gang,” said the smaller silhouette.

The other nodded silently and then they broke through the window and leaped inside.

When they landed on the lit floor, the larger silhouette was revealed to be a beautiful woman in her thirties wearing a dark red China dress that blended into the shadows. Well, her eyes and the top half of her face were covered by a mask containing a one-way mirror the same color as her dress, making it hard to say if she really was beautiful, but her revealed nose and lips hinted at the beauty below the mask.

Standing next to her was a girl in a red school uniform with an identical eye mask.

As soon as they set foot on the floor, machinegun fire flew their way.

“Hah!”

With an ear-splitting cry, the woman thrust her arms out in front of her. The area in front of her hands twisted as if from shimmering heat. The many bullets were caught and stopped by a shield of qi and they subsequently fell to the floor.

The woman leaped forward with her hands still held out. She neutralized the rest of the incoming bullets while moving toward the gang members firing the machineguns. Her slender hands gave a flash of movement and the sexy legs extending from below her China dress spun around too quick for the eye to follow, knocking out the gang members.

The men who panicked and tried to flee were struck in the back by the staff the girl wielded. The tip of the staff accurately struck their acupuncture points, painfully knocking out the tough gang members in a single blow.

The two of them were Red Widow, the queen of the Chinatown night, and her sidekick Plum.

Red Widow had been taught the miraculous Woman Xian Fist, a form of “super martial arts” that was secretly passed down only to the women of a certain family in China. She had married a Japanese trading company employee and lived as an ordinary housewife in this Chinatown, but a single stroke of misfortune had changed her. Her husband had been killed when caught in the middle of a battle between a Chinese gang and Japanese yakuza. The widow had sworn to take vengeance on the criminals, released the seal on the Woman Xian Fist she had vowed to never use after her wedding day, and been reborn as Red Widow.

Plum had originally been an orphan and the star of a Chinese acrobatic troupe, but the troupe had been disbanded when it was discovered the troupe leader was running drugs after being threatened by a gang. Plum had owed her life to the troupe leader, but the gang had murdered him as a lesson to any possible traitors.

Plum had had nowhere to go, so Red Widow had taken her in and taught her the Woman Xian Fist while having her work as her partner.

“Shit. You fucking bitches are so dead!”
Jade Horn had leaped behind a large wooden box the instant he heard the window shattering and now he had a rocket launcher at the ready. He took aim at Plum.

Plum was too focused on her fight to notice she was being targeted by a deadly weapon.

The rocket spewed fire and trailed white smoke as it flew toward the superhero girl.

“Oh-”

The rocket approached her chest before she could add the “no”.

Then it stopped.

She glanced over at her teacher. Red Widow shook her head while lifting a gang member up by the collar.

Another voice spoke up between Plum and the stopped rocket.

“Sorry about the interruption. It’s me.”

As stealth mode deactivated, Rose Device’s armor appeared while holding the rocket in one hand. Jade Horn had dropped the launcher and took off running, so she fired a rubber bullet that hit him square in the back, stopping him in his tracks.

“Miss Rose!” said Plum. “Thank you so much for saving me.”

“We have not seen you since your debut half a year ago,” said Red Widow. “What brings you to our part of the city?”

Rose Device made a desperate plea with her voice still mechanically altered to sound older.

“Flare is in trouble. Can you please help us?”