Thunderclaps: Epilogue - Everlasting Battle

After a call from the Thunderclaps, the Justice Circus and the Tokyo Metropolitan Police’s Metacriminal Squad came running and arrested the confused Doctor Disorder and the Ogasawara escapees sleeping in the underground lab. Not all of the escapees had agreed to work for the Doctor, so there were still plenty of Offbeat criminals on the run, like Rumormonger, Antlion, Metal Mayhem, Curse Collector, and Turbulence.

Once the criminals had been taken into custody and the incident was at a close, the Thunderclaps had to face a major problem. The Rindou home they had been using as a team base had been destroyed.

They were forced to climb aboard a flying saucer about the size of an RV and were now flying in the sky off the coast of Chiba.

Until they found a new home, they were going to live in the spaceship that Rei had ridden from her home planet to earth and that was now hidden at the bottom of the ocean. Rei had called this smaller craft in from the mountains with her choker communicator and it was automatically flying them to the ocean, so there was nothing for the passengers to do.

Kirara was looking around excitedly since she had never seen the inside of a spaceship before, so she failed to notice Bell sneaking up behind her. Bell reached both hands around to the crotch of the jeans they had pulled from Kirara’s clothes in the destroyed Rindou house.

“Meow, there’s nothing here. What happened to your dick, Kira-chan?”
That was a very insensitive thing to ask, but it oddly did not bother Kirara when it came from Bell.

“It disappeared into my body once I calmed down. Hey, don’t pull down my pants! Stop rubbing me there! Ah, ahh, I said stop.”

A sweet tone entered her voice and then a penis head poked out from her panties.

“There we go. It’s Kira-chan’s dick. Now, let’s see how it tastes, meow.”

Bell opened her mouth wide and stuck out her tongue, but Shizuko restrained her from behind.

“Y-you can’t do that. Kirara-san’s penis belongs to me.”

“Oh? When’d you get so aggressive, Shizu-san? Did losing your virginity change you?”

“I don’t care what you say, I’m not letting you have Kirara-san’s penis.”

“H-hey, Shizu? Bell? Could I maybe get a say about…”
Kirara trailed off and her penis head grew a size larger and pushed past her navel.

Shizuko and Bell followed her gaze to see Rei’s backside. She was bent over with her long skirt pulled up and wiggling her large butt covered only by a black silk thong.

“Ohhh, how embarrassing. Kirara’s dick just got so hard from staring at my butt. I might just die of embarrassment.”

Shizuko was close to tears now.

“Kirara-san, was I nothing special!? Does seeing just anyone naked get you hard!?”

“No, it’s not me. My penis did this on its own.”

Kirara tried desperately to take control of her penis’s reaction, but Bell leaped at it with her instincts on full display.

“It’s first come, first serve, meow!”

“Wait, everyone, try to calm- ahhh, don’t suck my penis and nipples at the same time!”

Shizuko rubbed her penis with her fingers and mouth, Bell stuck a finger into her right nipple, and Rei stuck a finger in her left nipple and ass. The pleasure from all over her body had Kirara shedding tears of joy and she could not help but moan.

“Ahhh, I love you, Shizuko, Rei, Bell, I love you all! Ahh, I’m cumming!!”



Afterwards, Rei stared at Kirara’s crotch with melted eyes.

“Leave it to the invincible Flare to have one of the finest cocks around. You satisfied all three of us and soaked us with your milk and cum, yet you’re still hard.”

“Blame Doctor Disorder, not me! Whoa!”

The saucer shook and the AI reported that they had collided with an unidentified object that fell from the sky above. The saucer displayed its surroundings to make it look like it had no exterior walls.

“Is that what I think it is!?”

Crimson flames shaped like a bird with spread wings had just plunged into the ocean. The ocean surface exploded, so Rei ordered the saucer to descend to where the fiery bird had fallen.

Someone was floating in the still-steaming ocean. Kirara flew down, collected the unconscious person, and returned to the saucer.

The person she laid down on the sofa was a woman of around 20 wearing a bright red tailcoat, a white vest, and a red bowtie. Below the vest, she wore a black leotard and her slender legs looked very attractive in their black fishnet stockings. Rei identified her at a glance.

“That’s Flame Falcon, a member of the Osaka Brave Girls with psychokinetic, pyrokinetic, and flight powers.”

“Aren’t the Brave Girls that idol hero group that Naniwa Industries, an Osaka entertainment agency, made by auditioning Offbeat girls?”

“What is an Osaka hero doing in this part of the- um?”
Kirara was cut off when the victim grabbed her wrist. Flame Falcon’s pale lips moved stiffly.

“Osaka is…”

Kirara’s sleeve caught fire where she grabbed it.

“Osaka is in…the Brave Girls are in grave danger. Please save them!”

The four exchanged a glance at those troubling words.

“Guess we have a new job already.”

“Yeah, meow.”

“Yes, we have to get going.”

“Thunderclaps, to Osaka!” announced Flare.



“He was our starting point. Without him, we never could have existed. His death spelled the end of the Golden Age. But if he were here now, I know exactly what he would say: ‘Don’t look so glum. Buck up and try to take it easy.’ ”

(1975, words left by Terror Knight on Super Offbeat’s gravestone erected in the crater left at the South Pole)

Super Offbeat fought Living Armageddon, an android sent from space to destroy humanity by melting the Antarctic, and the battle ended in their mutual destruction.