Curse Eater: Fourth Seal - Sex Incu-Bus

“Hey, could you get the meeting started already? Yukimura-san and I have student council work after this.”

Student Council President Inagami Ayuko was yet again in the clubroom in the name of keeping an eye on them and she rushed her childhood friend.

“Everyone’s here now, so I was just about to start anyway. I’ve decided what we’ll be researching for the Urban Legend Research Club’s first on-site investigation! First of all, read this article.”

The boy who led the Urban Legend Research Club operated the mouse to display an article from a local paper.

The headline read “Phantom Bus Finally Photoed?” and there was a grainy and unclear photograph below it.

“This is the ghost bus that everyone into urban legends is talking about! Rumors are spreading online and they’re talking about it on TV, so it’s really risen to prominence in the past few months.”

“The ghost of a vehicle? Sounds phony to me.”

When Saki viewed the blurry photo that was apparently of the back of a bus, she gave an unlikely opinion for an exorcist girl. She specialized in Sex Gods, so she was not all that interested in urban legends and ordinary spiritual phenomena.

“Don’t be so quick to judge. Legends of ghost vehicles have been around since automobiles became ubiquitous. There are even quite a few photos and videos.” The urban legend boy began passionately arguing his case. “In America, they released the footage from a police car’s camera showing the car it was chasing pass right through a chain-link fence. Everyone was talking about it when it happened.”

“Oh, yeah.” Yuka spoke up for the first time in the conversation. “I think I did see that on TV.”

You really do love gathering pointless data, don’t you?” Ayuko clearly did not believe in any of that ghost vehicle footage. “So when are you planning to go investigate this?”

“Tonight!”

“Huh!? That’s too sudden! Change the date!”

“I can’t! My analysis of the data says the ghost bus might appear tonight. If my analysis is correct, it won’t appear again for another month and that would be too late to make a presentation for the school festival.”

The urban legend boy stubbornly insisted on going that night.

“You’re planning to film the ghost bus to present at the festival?”

“You got that right! I’ll reveal it at the festival to show everyone what the Urban Legend Research Club can do!”

His club was seen as the sketchiest in the school and everyone assumed they never actually did anything, so an ambitious flame burned in his eyes.

“Got any proof your data analysis is correct?” asked Saki.

“This data should convince even you.” Shinji confidently began a presentation. “I was wondering if there was any pattern to the witness accounts of the ghost bus’s appearances, so I looked into it. First the date and time. The bus is always seen on the night of a new moon between 6 and 8 PM.”

A time graph appeared on the screen and the witness times were placed on it.

“Also, this image shows the locations of the past appearances placed on an old map along with an old bus route diagram.”

Shinji displayed the new data.

“The ghost bus seems to appear where there was a stop on a bus line that ran in the northern hills region of our city forty-odd years ago. And you can see it’s moving a stop eastward each appearance, right?”

The boy poured his passion into explaining urban legends, so he sounded very proud of himself as he showed slide after slide.

“Now here’s where it gets a little scary. Are you all ready?”

The pervy smile on his face made it look like he was about to tell them a lewd story instead of a scary one as he looked to each of the three girls and asked his question.

“Quit wasting time. Cut the dramatics and get to the point.”

The Student Council President had a meeting to get to, so she asked him to continue while showing no sign of fear.

“Tch. You just don’t get it, Ayu-nee.”

He had only been trying to make this more exciting, so Shinji complained before continuing his explanation.

“When I was checking the accident record for the bus company that ran this line, I found just one deadly accident in the past. Forty-odd years ago, a bus drove off a cliff, killing five including the driver. I say that’s the identity of the ghost bus.”

He displayed an old newspaper article on the computer screen. According to the article, the bus was almost entirely destroyed in the accident, four male student passengers were killed instantly, and the driver died later in the hospital.

“Oh? It says here the victims were on the way to the school festival at Kaihou Girls Academy,” said Saki as she read the article.

“Our school was a girls school until about thirty years ago,” explained Ayuko.

“I see. But the bus didn’t go missing, right?”

“No. The bodies were collected that same day and the bus was retrieved a few days later. But the rear body and window shape in the photo of the ghost bus perfectly match the bus in the accident.”

Shinji showed a photo of the old bus alongside the photo of the ghost bus and he pointed out the similarities.

“You really did do a lot of research. At this point, I’m not so much exasperated or impressed as I am shocked by your dedication. If only you could direct even 1% of this passion toward your studies…”

The serious Student Council President adjusted her glasses and wrinkled her brow.

“I thought you did a good job explaining it. You would probably be good at giving presentations.”

Honest Yuka praised Shinji’s presentation with an impressed tone.

“Well, I will admit it was sort of persuasive, but I’ve never seen a bigger waste of someone’s passion.”

Saki gave the unnecessarily well-made presentation a cold look while providing her harsh opinion.

“The passions of youth can look wasted at times! Anyway, now you see why we have to head there today. We’ll meet up at the convenience store in front of the central bus terminal at 5 this evening!”

“We can’t! Our meeting is scheduled until past 6!”

Ayuko immediately argued back.

“I guess that rules you two out. How about you, Tokiwagi-san? Got any plans tonight?”

“Not really…”

“Then it’ll just be the two of us. Let’s make it a successful investigation.”

Shinji’s casual comment did not go over well with the girl madly in love with Saki or the girl with a crush on him.

“Saki-san, are you really going there with just him?” asked Yuka with the look of a pet dog whose owner refused to take her for a walk.

“I don’t have much of a choice since you and Salty have your student council work.”

“Th-that’s true, but…”

That girl was polite to everyone and now she turned toward Shinji

“Wh-what is it?” he asked.

“Please do not try to do anything dirty with Saki-san while you are alone together…”

“I-I won’t! I swear it on my pride!”

Yuka sounded even more formal than normal, but Shinji sensed something hidden within her voice that sent a chill down his spine.

“Not to worry. There’s almost no chance at all that he would do anything to me. Because he’s a true feminist. Heh heh heh.”

Saki gave a meaningful laugh and the other three all looked taken aback in their own way.

At 5PM, the sky was gradually changing from the orange of sunset, to the purple of dusk, and finally to the gray of night. Shadows were beginning to surround everything. The two met up at the bus terminal as promised, rode a bus to the outskirts of the city, got off at a stop near the end of the line, and walked for ten or so minutes.

The school rules said to wear their uniforms when heading out when at all possible, so they both wore their uniforms. Shinji wore a large-pocketed coat over his and Saki wore a black quilted blouson over hers.

“Are you sure this is the place? There’s nothing here.”

“This is definitely the place. The ghost bus is sure to appear here!”

Shinji answered Saki’s skeptical question with plenty of confidence.

They were on an old road running through the city’s northern hills region.

It was a two-lane road narrower than the highway. There were factories, plastic greenhouses and fields belonging to nearby farms, and the occasional woods on the sides of the road.

(I don’t sense any spiritual energy. Not even a trace amount. There is nothing spiritually out of the ordinary here.)

The Curse Eater girl searched for spiritual energy.

“Oh, right. Take this before I forget.”

Shinji pulled something from his pocket and handed it to her.

“Mh, is this a present?”

“No. It’s a compact camera.”

The camera he handed her was quite old.

“The shutter mechanism and film winding are entirely mechanical, so they shouldn’t be affected by the electronic malfunctions that are so common around paranormal phenomena.”

“Hm, and I’m supposed to use it to photograph you doing shameful things? Or were you hoping to have me take some nude selfies?”

Saki gave a mischievous grin and made one of her usual jokes.

“Why do you have to give everything a sexual twist!? I want you to help me get photos of the ghost bus when it appears. It apparently drives off less than ten seconds after appearing, you see. You know how to use a camera, right?”

Shinji asked her that while she toyed with the camera.

“You’re no fun. I thought you would give me more of a reaction, but can you not get into it without Yuka or Salty here?”

The girl who loved dirty jokes sounded bored as she viewed his pervy face through the pocket camera’s finder.

“It’s not that… Are you always thinking about that kind of thing?”

“Yes, of course. I am a healthy adolescent girl, so naturally there is nothing but sex on my mind.” She gave a devilish smile and a nasal laugh. “Well, I do have another reason, but it isn’t something I should tell you.”

“Well putting it like that just makes me curious. Tell me what it is.”

Her suggestive phrasing stirred up the boy’s curiosity, but they ended their conversation when they heard the deep rumbling of an engine.

“Oh? It looks like your analysis was correct. The ghost bus really has appeared.”

A transit bus gradually appeared from the darkness without any lights on.

It was a fairly old design with round parts and window frames. The paint job also looked old-fashioned.

With the lights off inside, the windows were dark and they could not see inside.

“Ohhhh! It’s here, it’s here, it’s here! I’d better get some footage before it disappears! You take a ton of photos too! Wow, I hit the jackpot on this one!”

Excited, Shinji pulled out his video camera and tried to start filming.

“Kh, the electronics really aren’t working! I’ll just have to use a camera!”

The boy gave up on getting a video, pulled another compact camera from his pocket, and hurriedly snapped some photos.

The ghost bus’s brakes squealed as it came to a stop in front of them.

“It stopped…” said Saki while looking at the old-style bus and listening to its deep idling noise.

(This bus is a Sex God. There’s no doubt about it. That means this is my territory.)

When the exorcist girl detected the Sex God aura coming from the bus, a daring smile reached her lips.

(But this is odd. The Sex God’s presence is extremely faint. Yet the aura shouldn’t be this weak for such a large object.)

“Wow, the ghost bus just stopped. I think this might be a first.”

While the Curse Eater assessed the threat, Shinji excitedly snapped more and more photos.

“I need to stand back to get the whole thing in frame.”

“Wait! Don’t step back any further!”

When the boy started backing up with camera at the ready, Saki grabbed his arm and pulled him toward her.

His elbow squished against the tits pushing out the chest of her uniform.

“Wah! Why did you stop me!?”

Shinji removed his eye from the camera’s finder to express his annoyance.

“Look behind you. Slowly, though.”

The boy’s expression tensed at her odd tone of voice and he slowly turned around as told.

“Wh-what? The road is disappearing!”

At some point, everything except the sidewalk they stood on and the road the bus was stopped on had been replaced by pitch black walls. And those dark walls were gradually narrowing in.

Behind them, the bus’s door creaked open.

“It seems to be asking us to get on,” said the Curse Eater girl while giving the darkness through the door a sharp look.

“That’s more than I dreamed could happen…but sorry about dragging you into this.”

While backing away from the approaching dark wall, Shinji apologized in a serious tone.

“Don’t be silly. I’m enjoying this situation too. You might be a perv, but you’re a good guy deep down.”

The girl was not fazed by the situation and she giggled.

The bus honked its horn like it was impatient with them for not getting on.

“It must want us to get on right away. Our ghost bus host seems to be impatient.”

“Then I guess we’ve gotta do it. …Here goes!”

Driven on by the dark walls approaching behind them, the two of them stepped aboard the bus.

The door creaked shut and the bus began driving. The lights onboard switched on and illuminated the interior with yellowish light.

The interior was painted a light cream color, the floor was made of dark wooden panels, and the passenger seats were covered in dark green velvet.

The window frames and armrests were made of wood and a fan with a cloth cover was attached to the ceiling, so it was obvious how old the bus was.

They could see a few passengers seated toward the front of the bus.

They were all boys in school uniforms with raised collars.

“Looks like someone got here ahead of us.”

“Yes. There’s a driver too… I’ll get photos of their faces, so you stay here.”

Shinji cautiously faced the front of the bus, but then he stopped.

“Wh-what? I’m being pushed by an invisible wall!?”

He raised his voice in confusion while the invisible wall pushed him backwards.

“H-hey, you’re running into me too!”

“S-sorry! A-ahhhh!”

Saki was pinned to Shinji’s back as he was pushed back, but the invisible wall came to a stop once they reached the very back.

(This Sex God is fairly skilled at using barriers. This might be a tricky opponent.)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden traced her fingers along the invisible wall that supplied such a repulsive force and she continued her spiritual investigation to determine the nature of this Sex God.

“It must not want you taking photos. For now, let’s sit in the back seat. That lets us see everything in front of us, so we can react to any changes more quickly.”

Saki suggested they sit and did so.

“React to any changes? What else do you think is going to happen?”

Shinji asked that while nervously sitting next to her.

“It should try something on me.”

“If you’re in danger, I’ll rescue you.”

The boy leaned forward in the seat so he could stand up at a moment’s notice and he tightly clenched his fists.

“Heh heh. Glad to hear it. But there’s nothing to worry about. Even if something does happen, trust in me and just watch. If I really do want help, I will say so.”

When she gently placed a hand on his clenched fist and spoke kindly to him, innocent Shinji’s ear flushed red.

“The ghost bus awaits / to carry us through the night / and haunt the dark highway. Mh, that’s one too many.”

After reciting an impromptu haiku, the girl counted the syllables on her fingers and pouted her lips.

“Haiku now? You sure have nerves of steel.”

“Courage is crucial when facing a spiritual being. …Mh, is this it!?”

Saki sensed the spiritual energy rapidly growing, so her voice and expression both sharpened.

She then heard the sounds of creaking wood from all over.

“Wh-what!? What is this!?”

The boy stood from his seat on reflex and looked nervously around the bus amid all the bizarre noises. Something like tree roots extended from the floor panels and wood window frames, thoroughly transforming the scene within the bus.

“Not exactly a pleasant appearance, but I am glad it is making the first move.”

Saki remained calm within the transformed bus, so she slowly stood up and removed the blouson she wore over her uniform.

“We’ll just have to break a window to esca-…wah! That’s an eye! An eye!”

While looking around for an escape route, Shinji pointed up at the ceiling and shouted.

Sure enough, the fan on the ceiling had become a giant eyeball.

It had to be 40cm across and the bloodshot blood vessels were plainly visible as it moved to glare at the two of them.

“Kh…I-I can’t move!?”

All strength left Shinji’s body and he slumped to the floor.

Saki was not similarly affected, so she calmly stood right in front of the giant eye.

“So the divine core has shown itself. Now, would you like some entertainment? Ask and it shall be granted.”

Saki walked a few steps forward, spread her arms to show she did not intend to resist, and smiled sweetly at it.

With the sound of a live tree splitting, the tree root tentacles wrapped around the unresisting girl’s arms and legs to bind her lithe body.

The tentacles wrapped around her body had the dampness of freshly unearthed roots and they felt chilly on her bare skin.

They wrapped tightly around the base of her breasts through her uniform, so those weighty mounds stuck out more prominently than usual.

After one root tentacles wrapped around her slender waist a few times, the tip lifted up her skirt, slipped inside, and rubbed the round butt contained in her panties.

“Nh! Kh… Skirt flipping? You really are from 40 years ago, aren’t you?”

Saki groaned quietly from the slight pain of the bondage tentacles digging into her body, but she was still calm enough to joke.

(I would like to perform the linking ceremony first, but this Sex God’s core is a divine-class plant spirit: a Tree Spirit. This could be trouble.)

While the wriggling roots wrapped around her entire body and kept her from moving, the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden rationally deduced her opponent’s identity.

If divinity resided in a tree after many long years, it would become a Tree Spirit. Communicating with them was incredibly difficult because their thought structure and motivations were so very different from animal and human spirits.

(The concept of travel should be absent from a plant spirit, so how did this one take the form of a bus and start wandering around? I need to be careful until I figure out how this divine tree has altered the lingering passion of the dead.)

Once the bondage was complete, she was as motionless as a doll and the seated boys slowly stood up and gathered around her.

The faces looking at her were the same as in the photos of the deceased seen in that newspaper article.

They all wore uniforms and looked more childish than current students, but the bulges in their pants showed the obvious outlines of erect penises which proved that they were no longer children.

(Their souls are connected to the Tree Spirit.)

Saki’s excellent spiritual vision showed narrow aura lines coming from the back of the boys’ heads and connecting to the Tree Spirit’s giant eye.

(It looks like the bus-shaped Sex God and the boys’ spirits have imperfectly fused. I should be able to communicate with the Tree Spirit using the boys’ spirits.)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden now knew how to link with her opponent, but the ghost boys were staring at her.

The root tentacles began searching her body. As they crawled along that beautiful body already contained in her leather bondage outfit, one tickled up her thigh muscles and reached the crotch of her white panties.

With the sound of sliding cloth, the root tentacle rubbed against the surface of the fabric as if in search of something.

The fine hairs covering the root scraped at the cloth, assaulting the immobile girl’s vulva with the ticklish feeling of being rubbed with a soft toothbrush.

“Hh…khh…nh, ah…”

The stimulation to the sensitive area through the cloth caused her beautiful face to twist with bewitching pleasure, but Saki put up no resistance and accepted the root’s examination.

After the supernatural root rubbed at her panties for a while, it must have decided the underwear was in the way because it skillfully slid it down her legs.

“Ah…!”

Saki cried out and twisted her body in embarrassment, but she could not resist with her arms and legs bound.

After slipping the panties off of the beautiful girl’s slender ankles, the roots lifted her up with her legs spread and removed her uniform’s shirt.

The faintly sweet aroma of sweat wafted out and the curves of her bondage body were revealed.

Her splendid tits stuck out in defiance of gravity, their white skin was flushed like a ripe white peach, they were decorated by the scarlet belts, and they gave off a sex appeal that could charm even nonhuman entities.

The excessive volume of her bust was contrasted by her slim waist, the outlines of ab muscles were erotically visible on her stomach, and they glistened from her sweat.

“Kh! Nnh!”

The girl groaned quietly while the root tentacles gathered around her exposed body.

One tentacle rubbed her hairless mons pubis, searched around the slit that the exorcist outfit belt had worked its way into, and rubbed up and down the outline of that slit visible through the thin leather.

The tentacles must have been aroused by her body’s reaction and the pleasant feeling because their ends transformed into penises and the opening at the tip began dripping with clear sap.

The root tentacles she had unconsciously grabbed in her hands also transformed into penises and dripped with thick sap while stroking themselves through the rings formed by her fingers.

The stickiness dripping from the tentacles created glistening stains across the leather bondage girl’s body and dripped further down her flushed white skin.

“Nhhn! Nh, ahh…khhhhn!”

One penis head shape sticky with sap pushed against the leather belt covering her crotch and rubbed up and down at the delicate slit below.

The special exorcist leather was thin and pliable enough to plaster itself to her crotch, revealing not just the shape of the sex organ hidden below but even the clear shape of her erect clitoris poking out.

The tentacle must have been intrigued by that sensitive-looking bump because it occasionally poked against it while rubbing up her vulva.

“Nh! Ah, ah, hyah!”

Seductive moans echoed through the bus and her curvy body jerked as much as it could in the grasp of the Sex God Tree Spirit’s tentacles.

The Curse Eater girl named Tokiwagi Saki moaned with her facial features twisting while her crotch was rubbed and tormented with movements far too obscene for a plant.

The root tentacles continued dripping with a stickiness that smelled strongly of sap and they tightened their bondage of her while crawling across her superb body to inspect it.

“Kah…my boobs!”

The tentacles wrapped tightly around the base of her breasts so they stuck out more prominently and the leather belts covering the tip of one was easily slid aside to expose her nipple.

(Shinji shouldn’t be able to see.)

The Curse Eater was somewhat relieved that this was happening in a blind spot for the boy paralyzed behind her, but then she tilted her head back when a hard root tentacle began pushing against and massaging her nipple.

As the torment of her vulva continued, the sap rubbed across the leather and the love juices coming from deep within her vagina were stirred up by the tentacle’s movement, filling the bus with a lewd sticky sound.

(Ahhhh, no! It’s so embarrassing! Shinji will hear! I’m cumming, I’m cumming!)

The thorough rubbing of her crotch through the thin exorcist leather and the squeezing and tormenting of her large breasts quickly carried the Curse Eater’s body up the stairway to climax.

“Kah…ahhhhh!”

Just as the first wave of orgasm was about to take away her consciousness, the tentacles came to a complete stop and her climax-denied bondage body twisted longingly.

Her plump ass indecently rose up, her wet and warmly throbbing vagina contracted, and whitish sex nectar flowed out from within the leather belt.

As if to inspect the flavor and nutrient contents of the love juices, a root tentacle covered with fine hairs slipped inside her bondage suit and tickled at her labia.

“Hyahhn! Ah…khhhh!”

The intense tickling sensation caused the Curse Eater’s vagina to repeatedly contract and overflow with love juices.

The sweet and sour aroma of her love juices filled the bus along with a warm dampness.

(Is my scent…reaching Shinji!?)

The strong scent of her sex fluid embarrassed her further, which only caused her to produce more of it.

The sound of the excreted fluid being stirred up by the tentacle grew louder and she felt orgasm growing in the depths of her vagina, but she was once more denied just before reaching that embarrassing climax.

“Pant, pant, pant…ahhhh, again!?”

The Sex God ghost bus continued to race through the pitch black darkness while continually teasing Saki to the point of orgasm and then stopping.

Once the root tentacle had tasted plenty of love juices, it split apart into several smaller tentacles that covered her entire vulva. They applied just enough pressure to her closed labia to spread those soft lips wide. The bare labia appeared from either side of the leather and that bondage belt was held between them.

“Hyah! Ugh…so the protection of the belts is powerless before a god…ahh…kh…ah!”

A Demigod’s spiritual power would be unable to dislodge those leather belts, but the Tree Spirit tentacle easily slipped below it, crawled between her outer and inner labia and teased the wet flesh within using its cold and damp hairs.

The embarrassing but pleasurable body inspection continued as four dead boys and one live one watched on.

(I’ve endured caresses like this countless times, yet I’m so bothered that Shinji is watching. Why?)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden endured the pleasure of the root teasing her vulva, but her emotions where shaken in a way she had never before experienced. Simply knowing Shinji was watching filled her chest with a bewitching feeling and she felt a hot tingling on the nape of her neck.

(Don’t let it bother you! You need to focus on the God Entertainment.)

She tried focusing, but she could not help but wonder what expression covered his face while he watched her being tormented by this Tree Spirit.

She could have checked by looking over her shoulder, but she was oddly hesitant to do so.

“Ahh…hh…nh, kh…nh!”

The movement of the tentacles was more exploration than caress, but it had the same ticklish feeling as being rubbed with a wet brush. Ripples of pleasure spread through her sensitive parts and her sex organ throbbed hotly and sweetly.

Perhaps fortunately, the root’s accelerating teasing of her crotch was hidden from Shinji’s view.

But he had to be seeing the way her legs were spread wide, her butt was tensed, and her thighs convulsed uncontrollably from the ticklish pleasure.

She wished she had put him to sleep with a curse, but it was too late now.

After completing their examination of the vulva, the tentacles began searching the wet vaginal entrance and even poked shallowly within.

“Khh…ahhh…hyah! If you…go in…there…khh…”

The direct tickling of the soft hairs filled her vaginal entrance with heat and covered it with nectar and she felt the sharp urge to urinate when one inserted its tip into her urethra.

The instant it sensed the slight dampness of urine, a stir ran through all the supernatural roots filling the bus and the silent boys began swaying back and forth and side to side.

(Do the plant’s instincts desire nutrients? As a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden, I am willing to provide them…but I would prefer not to have Shinji watch me urinate.)

Saki wanted to keep the boy behind her from realizing she was peeing, but now that the root tentacle had discovered a source of nutrient-rich urine, it wriggled its fine hairs to tickle the urethra while working its way up that pathway.

“Kyaaahhhn!”

The sharp sensation of penetration traveled up her urethra and reached her bladder.

(Ahh! I can’t hold it in!)

She said nothing out loud, but the embarrassment of this forced urination caused her pink-flushed face to twist and her limbs to tense within the roots’ grasp.

“Ah, ah, ahhhh…nhhhh…”

The girl wrinkled her brow and cried out while the tension of her muscles caused their shape to show on her lower stomach and while her legs convulsed in the air from the tickling of the roots.

But the urine did not erupt out as she feared.

The root swelled out to plug her urethra and hold the pee inside.

It instead trickled out slowly like water from a rock and the root tentacle throbbed while sucking up every last drop.

“Nh, nhhh…pant, pant, pant, pant…hh…khhhh.”

Unable to relax the tension in her lower stomach, the exorcist girl endured with the odd feeling of the crawling hairs stirring up the urine within her bladder.

(It’s sucking up…everything in…my bladder…kh!)



The Curse Eater tried to regain control of her lower body as it wiggled from the bizarre pleasure, but she could not stop the embarrassing movement as the tentacle wriggling in her urethra and bladder filled her with the urge to pee and a strange new form of pleasure.

With a quiet sucking sound, the tentacle teased the sensitive inside of her urethra and poked at the walls of her bladder in search of further nutrients.

(No….! I’m going to cum! I’m cumming!)

As the thorough teasing continued, she finally succumbed to the forced urination pleasure and felt the beginnings of orgasm rising within her, but when the root tentacle sensed that wave of female climax approaching, it came to a stop and left the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden writhing from orgasm denial.

The off-and-on absorption of her urine continued for ten or so minutes until every last drop was gone.

“Pant, pant, pant, pant…ah…ahhh…”

The root slipped out of her urethra and Saki’s tense body finally relaxed.

But with the creaking sound of a living tree bending, the root tentacle continued teasing the Curse Eater’s crotch in search of further nutrients.

“Kh…ahhhh…ah! N-not…not there…ahhh!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden’s body trembled from the persistent attack and her voice grew shrill when she felt the root tentacle at the rear hole.

Before she could squeeze the sphincter shut, a pinky-thick root entered her anus.

“Khhh!”

Her butt reflexively tensed and tried to hold the root tentacle in place, but the Tree Spirit’s root extended its fine hairs and tickled at her internal flesh.

“Ahhhh…there are no…nutrients for you…in there…ahhhh!”

The root ignored her intermittent protests and tickled the inside of that secret hole with tens or even hundreds of fine hairs.

(Shinji is watching me get my ass violated! Why? Why is that so embarrassing? I just have to erase his memories afterward!)

Her body burned from an embarrassment more powerful than any she had felt since becoming a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden. She writhed and moaned from the pleasure of the anal examination. The belt was still in place there, but the boy behind her would be able to tell where the root was penetrating her.

After finishing its immediate search, the root moved deeper inside while probing around with its hairs.

“Ah, ahhh, not so deep! Ahhh…hhhhhn!”

The sensation of having her insides rubbed created ripples of embarrassing pleasure accompanied by a chill, so the hairs on her back bristled. The tickling of the tentacle passed through the thin internal wall to reach her womb, so she squeezed the root with the sphincter that had been developed as an entrance for the God Entertainment.

(Kh, I’m cumming!! I’m cumming from having my ass searched while Shinji watches!)

Just as she prepared herself for the anal ecstasy, the tentacle pulled out of her ass with an embarrassing sound.

“Pant, pant, pant, pant…kh…ahhh.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden breathed a sigh of relief now that she was freed from the pleasure of that anal caress.

(What does this mean? It almost seems to frantically stop the caress whenever I’m about to climax.)

Saki frowned and the tentacles pulled away from her body. Their inspection must have been complete.

Instead, the four ghosts reached their pale hands toward her breasts. Forty fingers rushed toward those leather-adorned boobs and competed to grope them.

“Wow, they’re so soft…and big. So this is what a girl’s boobs feel like. They’re like rubber balls.”

The ghost boys spoke with low, scratchy voices as they fought each other to massage her sticky tits.

(Kh… Just the boobs? None of them know how to pleasure a woman, do they?)

The girl trained in God Entertainment methods wrinkled her brow at the pain of their unrestrained groping, but she endured it without making any move to resist.

“They’re so warm and alive… Dammit! I wanted to live too!”

One of the boys was apparently envious of her living body and he dug his fingers into her round flesh.

“Kah! Ahhhh…!”

When she cried out in pain and arched her back, her eyes met Shinji’s as he glared at them while paralyzed. Flames of intense hatred burned in his eyes.

“Kh…Shinji…don’t be so mad. I’m fine…just trust me.”

She gave him a sweaty smile and spoke to him, but his regretful expression did not change.

“It’s about time we had her pleasure us too.”

After enjoying her breasts for a while, the boys conversed in lifeless voices and took up different positions in the cramped bus.

One lay face up on the floor and two stood on his left and right.

The boy digging his fingers into Saki’s breasts simply stood there with a thoughtful look on his face.

The root tentacles restraining her limbs loosened to give her some freedom of movement.

“You don’t have to remove my pants. Climb on top of me and get moving.”

The boy lying on his back gave her an order with sexual expectation in his face.

“Are you sure this is enough?”

After straddling the boy’s hips in the cowgirl position, the girl pressed her vulva against the erection threatening to burst through the crotch of his pants. The mons pubis which had grown swollen from the root tentacle’s torment applied soft pressure to the penis which was rock hard even in death.

“Nh…nhhh…”

The boy ghost wrinkled his brow and released a nasal moan at the sensation of his very first female sex organ.

“Do us with your hands.”

Her hands were grabbed and pulled toward the crotches of school uniforms.

The final boy hesitated for a moment but finally circled behind Saki and pressed his swollen crotch against her plump ass.

It actually felt more perverted that all the boys remained fully clothed.

“I-I’ll move. Is this good?

With a boy’s crotch to the front and back and with her hands on swollen pants, the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden began pleasuring the boys. Her delicate fingers felt the hard erections as she gave them handjobs through their pants and she moved her large butt to send pleasure to the penises pressed against her crotch and butt.

“More, rub more…kh, y-yes…ahhh, that feels incredible!”

When she held the rock-hard cock through his pants and stroked up and down as requested, she could feel the young erection throbbing with pleasure. She gave a similar handjob to the other boy’s erection while rubbing her swollen mons pubis against the male organ threatening to break free of his pants. She provided pleasure with simulated sexual intercourse.

(Don’t watch, Shinji! I don’t want you to see this.)

She could not help but think that as she continued pleasuring the boys. Hers had been a passive role when the root tentacles had tormented her, but now she was actively pleasuring four boys at once. The uncomfortable feeling in her chest was even greater than before, a strange sense of guilt rose within her, and the movements of her fingers grew more awkward as they rubbed the erections.

“Nh, kh, hurry up and cum…”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden looked embarrassed as she twisted her hips and moved her slender fingers to pleasure the penises through their pants. The pressure and rubbing to her own sex organ caused love juices to flow out, pass through the leather belt protecting her vulva, soak the one boy’s pants, and fill the bus with a sweet and sour sex scent.

That obscene smell had to have reached paralyzed Shinji.

(Khhh! He has to see me doing this one way or the other, so I just have to forget he’s even there and take this seriously!)

Frustrated, the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden finally began fighting back with the pleasure techniques she had been taught.

The hands placed on the crotches on either side off her slid their fingers along the contours of the erections threatening to burst through the front of the pants and she stimulated the sensitive head and tip through the fabric.

“Ohhh! Y-yes…more of that…!”

When she bent her fingers like hooks and stimulated the opening at the tip and rubbed at the shaft, the boys tensed up and bent backwards like they had become giant penises themselves.

(I need to make them all cum and see what the Tree Spirit does!)

She used her hands to attack those two penises while speeding up her hip movements.

She had thigh sex with the erection sliding against her slit, the same movement rubbed her butt against the other manhood pressed against her there, and the boys who had died virgins were brought to climax.

“Ah, ahhh…I’m cumming!”

“So am I! I can’t help it!”

Her skillful caresses brought the four penises to the peak of their pleasure and they achieved orgasm one after another.

The boy rubbing against her mons pubis and the two erections receiving handjobs began throbbing uncontrollably inside their pants and the rod between her butt cheeks began throbbing a short time later.

(Did they cum!? …But this is odd.)

Something seemed wrong to Saki as she continued stroking the twitching erections to provide even more pleasure. They were definitely throbbing with ejaculation, but she could not see any cum stains forming on the crotch of their pants.

“I doubt that is just because they are ghosts. Don’t tell me!”

While the boys tensed with ejaculatory pleasure, the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden swiftly loosened their belts, unzipped their pants, and exposed their crotches.

“An ejaculation seal!?”

Their penises were so erect they just about jabbed back into their stomachs, but a root tentacle was wrapped around them to squeeze the shaft and urethra tight enough to prevent the semen from escaping.

A powerful throbbing ran through their penises, but not a drop of cum left the tip.

It was so tight that a living penis would have grown congested with blood until it necrotized, but the ghosts were forced to remain permanently erect while they were endlessly pleasured without ever being able to ejaculate no matter how many times they climaxed.

(Did the Tree Spirit apply this seal as a twisted form of the boys’ pure determination to abstain from masturbation until they got laid at the girls school? But their amplified lust creates a feedback loop that only makes things worse for them.)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden gave those painfully bound penises a pitying look.

The Sex God was using their yang energy to maintain its bus form while it wandered endlessly in search of even more yang energy.

It was an endless bondage, a curse born from the difference in values between human and plant.

(That explains why the tentacles stopped whenever I was about to cum. Women emit yin energy when they orgasm, so that must not have been to the Tree Spirit’s liking.)

“Hhh, ghhh, nh, nh, ahhhh…”

The boys moaned in agony more than pleasure as their ejaculation sealed erections throbbed and their obscene lust continually produced a twisted form of yang energy.

(If I could get some yang energy to carry my own spiritual energy, I bet I could contact the Tree Spirit’s divine core, but what should I do? There is one way of doing that, but it’s too risky a gamble.)

If Saki released the Sex Root sealed in her crotch and let that male sex organ manifest itself, she could emit yang energy, but if she was overwhelmed by the pleasure, the God Entertainment Ceremony would fail.

(I’m honestly not confident I can control the penis’s pleasure just yet. So what do I do?)

While searching for a method, she remembered the paralyzed boy behind her.

“Shinji, I need your help!”

She turned toward him and earnestly spoke to him.

“First, I need to release that paralysis. Tree Spirit, you can allow that, can’t you?”

When she looked up at the giant eye on the ceiling and asked that, the root tentacles released her arms and legs. The Tree Spirit must have wanted to be freed from its eternal wandering.

“Understood. Thank you. …Release curse!”

The Curse Eater pulled a red pen from the pocket of the blouson she had dropped to the floor and she drew a quick curse on Shinji’s forehead.

“Kh…I can move! Time to kick those ghosts’ and that eyeball’s asses, right?”

As soon as his paralysis was gone, Shinji clenched his fists and stood up.

“No! Please e-ejaculate for me.”

“Huh!?”

She actually mumbled the lewd statement for once and Shinji’s voice cracked.

“Ejaculate! I need you to ejaculate! How many times are you going to make me say it!? I will use your body as a temporary vessel for those ghosts so I can literally send them to heaven when you ejaculate. Those boys are giving this ghost bus its shape, so I need to free them from their curse and separate them from the Tree Spirit!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden casually buttoned up her shirt to hide her giant tits from Shinji’s view as she explained it all.

“H-hold on. You’re going to let them possess me!?”

Shinji sent a hateful look toward the boys he had watched assault her and he pouted his lips to complain.

“Exactly. There’s no time, so let’s get started!”

Saki stood up before embracing and kissing each of the boys in turn.

Their ectoplasmic bodies wavered like smoke as she breathed them into her mouth. It took less than a minute to suck in all four.

“Now it’s your turn. The success of the God Entertainment is riding on you.”

Saki faced Shinji once more, placed a hand on his shoulder, and looked him straight in his confused face. She had an embarrassed and bashful look no one had ever seen on her before and her white face was flushed out to the ears.

“Wait! I’m not ready for-…nmh!? Nnnhhh~!?”

Before he could say anything more, the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden stole his lips and breathed the four ghost boys into him. Something like cold smoke entered his mouth before he could even enjoy the warm softness of her lips.

“Ngh…pant, pant, pant…I-I feel cold…khhh! I can’t move!”

Being forcibly possessed by four ghosts paralyzed the boy again, but he could still blush from his first kiss and shout worriedly.

“You don’t need to move. Just leave it to me. N-now, time to make you cum!”

“Th-this is way too sudd-…a-ahhh! You’re…really doing it!?”

The boy cried out in confusion because Saki had quickly pulled down his pants and underwear, wrapped her fingers around his still-flaccid penis, and started caressing it.

“Close your eyes and don’t say a thing! Just enjoy the pleasure and ejaculate!”

She used a scolding tone as she began stroking up and down on the unreliably soft rod.

“Kh…hhhh, don’t…ah, khh…don’t do this…”

As her cold and smooth fingers rubbed his not-yet-erect penis, he closed his eyes as told but still spoke.

“I said don’t say a thing! Be quiet and let me do this! Please!”

The girl’s face flushed red and she averted her gaze from his penis as she gently massaged the balls with one hand and stroked the shaft with the other.

But not even the caress of her God Entertainment technique could get his penis erect.

“That’s odd. Why aren’t you hard? I thought guys liked this kind of situation.”

“Don’t be ridiculous! My body feels weird and my arms and legs are numb. A-and I don’t want to make you do something you don’t want to do.”

The feminist boy’s paralyzed body remained tense as he raised his voice.

“I’m the one telling you to ejaculate! Argh! You just have to give into your lust! Quit being so stubborn and just cum already!”

Irritated with the flaccid penis, Saki caressed the head as well, but the boy only wrinkled his brow and tensed from the ticklish feeling and no blood filled the penis.

“Is a handjob not enough for you? Then what do you want from me? A titjob? O-or are you only interested in a blowjob? Tell me! It’s an emergency!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden spoke impatiently while using all her technique on the rod which would not progress past a partial erection.

“No…I just can’t do this! There has to be some other way…”

“D-don’t be ridiculous! If you don’t want me to crush it underfoot, then cum!”

Furious, Saki stood up and pressed her foot down on the crotch of the temporarily impotent boy to force an erection.

“Gh…ahhhh! Th-that’s too much!”

Shinji cried out in agony, but strength began to fill his penis below her foot.

“Wh-what!? O-oh, so that’s it. If that’s what you’re into, I can play along. Take this! I don’t even care what it takes anymore!”

After expressing her desperation, Saki removed her shoe, extended her slender leg toward the boy’s crotch, and pressed her foot against a rod far larger and harder than before.

“You wanted me to step on you like this, didn’t you? I can see why you were hesitant to tell me what you wanted.”

While feeling oddly aroused by the hardness and warmth of the erection below her foot, Saki entered dominatrix mode and began an intense footjob.

She rubbed the head against the boy’s lower stomach while her cold and smooth foot applied pressure and rubbed the masochistic cock.

“N-no! I didn’t…ah, ahhh!”

Shinji tried to protest, but his erection only grew and throbbed as it was squished between the girl’s smooth foot and his own fit stomach.

(This one is a living penis… It’s Shinji’s…khhhh!)

Overcome by indescribable embarrassment and arousal, a tremor ran through Saki’s body and her crotch grew hot and wet with new love juices.

“A-are you enjoying it? Look at that pathetic face of yours. I just have to go like this…and this…and you’re completely soaked. Y-you should be ashamed!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden ignored her own wet pussy as she pointed out the precum leaking from the head. She skillfully massaged it between her toes while stirring up guilty pleasure with her words.

“Nnh, hhhh! Ah, ahhh, wait… I’m going to cum, sorry, but I really am.”

Subject to her skillful toes, the precum-soaked head and shaft grew even harder and throbbed to say the limit was drawing close.

“G-go ahead. Cum. E-ejaculate for me!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden felt a sort of arousal she had never before experienced as she used the entire bottom of her foot to press down on and rub the erection as it approached climax.

“Ah, ahhhhh, sorry! I’m cummiiiiiiiiiiing!!”

Shinji’s face twisted with guilty pleasure and his cry of orgasm was joined by the joyful voices of the four boys. At the same time, scorching climax juice erupted from his erection.



That yang energy was far thicker and more nutrient-rich than from the ghost boys, so the Tree Spirit extended its root tentacles in a net shape to catch it and suck up every last drop.

“N-now! Spirit wave synchronization…dive!”

Saki synchronized with the ejaculatory pleasure produced at orgasm and had the yang energy carry her own mind to dive into the mind of the Tree Spirit that was the core of the Sex God. It was a strange and perverted feeling, like letting a river of semen sweep her away in the nude.

(Kh, this is the warmth, flavor, touch…and pleasure of Shinji’s cum. What an odd feeling. This was so very embarrassing…but yes. I can see just how good it feels to ejaculate.)

By syncing with Shinji’s senses and fusing with his orgasming mind, she experienced all the various data contained in the semen while traveling toward the Tree Spirit’s divine core and successfully contacting it.

It was too different to properly call a mind, but it was a massive collection of data.

All the data gathered in the Tree Spirit over the many years it took for the seed to grow into the tree flowed into Saki’s mind at once.

(Not yet! Just a bit further…a bit further and I can contact the root cause. …Done!)

She had finally arrived at the data concerning the crash which had turned the Tree Spirit into a Sex God.

An intense shock had run through the Tree Spirit’s body while it basked in the sun. At the same time, she perceived the senses and memories of the boys in the instant of the crash. There was the initial pain and shock, the intense chill enveloping their bodies, and the feeling of their final breaths. She experienced all of that for all four boys. The Curse Eater arched her back and convulsed violently as she artificially experienced the shock of death.

The old tree’s desire for life after being broken in the bus crash and the boys’ wish to live synchronized and their normally incompatible souls had fused together in the form of a bus.

“The threads of the curse have tangled together in a way that distorts you both, but I will sever those threads!”

The Curse Eater transformed her own mind into a blade and sliced through the Tree Spirit curse that was tangled with the boys’ souls.

“Kahhhh! Pant, pant, pant, pant…”

When the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden awoke from the deep trance, she gasped for breath with the intensity of a drowning person finally getting their head above water.

Her entire body was soaked with cold sweat and the tips of her fingers and toes felt icy and numb.

“Tokiwagi-san! A-are you okay!? Breathe! Do you know who I am?”

She heard Shinji’s frantic voice from overhead, so she must have collapsed to the floor.

“Y-yes, I’m fine. No need…to worry. But be careful! The bus is collapsing!”

The bus broke apart into countless dry leaves and crumbled around them.

The dry leaves piled up on the road before vanishing into nothingness while leaving behind some ectoplasmic yang energy. Afterwards, only the boy and girl sat in the center of the road.

“This is the old bus stop where we boarded. Does that mean we never actually left?”

Shinji looked around and covered his bare crotch while questioning the situation.

“It would seem so. …Now, how about we head back?”

Saki gave a short response, wiped Shinji’s semen off her leg with a wet tissue, and tossed the tissue packet to him. Then she put back on the uniform, panties, shoes, and finally quilted blouson lying on the road.

“Hey, all that was real, wasn’t it? What did you do?”

After walking in silence for a few minutes, Shinji seemed to make up his mind and asked that question.

“Yes, it was real. To put it as simply as possible…that bus was the spirit of a tree and that spirit could only accept yang energy. So I placed my mind in the yang energy produced when you…e-ejaculated and used that to contact the spirit’s core.”

“So if I had, um, well, more readily ejaculated…it would’ve been easier for you? Sorry. I mean it…”

They both awkwardly mumbled while walking along the dark road.

“You have nothing to apologize for. The God Entertainment was a success thanks to you. You can release the photos of the ghost bus if you want, but do not tell anyone what happened inside the bus. I promise I won’t tell anyone either.”

Saki grinned and took a jocular tone to try to cheer up the depressed-sounding boy.

“R-right… So was that eyeball an evil god or something?”

“There is no such thing as an evil god.” She looked up into the night sky and let out a long breath before continuing. “First of all, a god is no more than an entity of pure energy that can take on any number of forms and conditions when influenced by great enough willpower. It is human emotion that distorts what a god is.”

“Emotion, hm?” said Shinji with a thoughtful look. “If they can distort a god, then emotions are pretty scary, aren’t they?”

“A god that has been distorted by wicked human emotion is known as a Distorted God. Of those, Sex Gods have been distorted by lust or an obsession with sex. I work as a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden who specializes in calming those Sex Gods.”

Saki explained her secret identity while continuing her leisurely walk.

“Really? Hey, I kind of feel like I experienced something like this with you before…”

Her face stiffened a bit at that.

“Y-you must be imagining things! Y-yes, so don’t worry about it!”

After revealing her identity, the Curse Eater spoke in an unusually frantic voice and picked up her pace.

“Hm? Is that so? But…huh. This means you’re a real psychic.”

“Like I said, I’m a shrine maiden. Although I don’t wear a shrine maiden outfit, so I guess that’s a deduction from my moe points…”

She returned to her normal tone of voice and laughed.

“I’m having trouble sorting through my feelings, so my mind feels all mixed up.”

“I could sort it all out for you, but not today. Mentally contacting that Tree Spirit took too much out of me.”

Saki wobbled on her feet like she was suffering from anemia.

“Whoa! Are you okay?”

Shinji caught her before she fell.

“I would like to say I am, but I would really rather not walk any more. Oh, talk about timing. There’s a bus. Let’s ride that.”

While held in his arms, she spotted a bus turning a corner. It was heading back into the city.

“Are you sure you want to ride another bus after what happened?”

“That is a normal bus. The ghost bus is gone and I really am at my limit, so carry me and run. Hurry!”

“O-okay!”

When she barked an order, the boy picked her up with a princess carry and ran the few dozen meters to the bus stop.

“Shinji, you’re surprisingly strong.”

“And you’re lighter than I expected.”

The boy and girl expressed their thoughts while the boy ran on unsteady legs.

“Oh? You imagined what it would be like to hold me? You really are a perv.”

“I-I didn’t mean it like that. Quit teasing me. …I’m going to set you down. Can you walk?”

Shinji set Saki down in front of the bus’s entrance and supported her when she wobbled.

“Yes, I can board a bus at least.”

After climbing onboard, the two of them sat side-by-side in the furthest back seat.

“I will be borrowing your shoulder. Wake me when we arrive at the bus terminal.”

Saki leaned against the boy and fell into peaceful sleep while using his shoulder as a pillow.

“H-hey, did you already fall asleep? You really were tired.”

Shinji tensed up with a mixture of happiness and embarrassment on his face. With the God Entertainment Ceremony complete, the shrine maiden was already fast asleep on his shoulder.