Curse Eater: Second Seal - Sex Fluid Butterfly

“Pant, pant, pant, pant…”

A girl’s sweet but scratchy moans reverberated through a luxury apartment’s bathroom.

“You came so much… That must have felt great, Yuka.”

After completing the God Entertainment ceremony and calming the Sex God’s arousal within the vessel girl’s body, Saki whispered in her flushed classmate’s ear.

“Yes…ahhh, Saki-san…”

When the Curse Eater buried those heated cheeks in her large breasts, the possessed girl let out a cry of ecstasy. Saki and Yuka lay naked next to each other on a large air mat laid out on the bathroom floor and they enjoyed each other’s intimacy while basking in the afterglow of pleasure.

After nearly two hours, Saki’s kind and persistent handjobs had brought the pleasure to the limit and sent an unbelievable amount of white milkiness surging from the penis-shaped Sex God. With its arousal calmed, it began to disappear.

The sweet and obscene scent of semen and the jelly-like white puddles splattered across the bathroom floor remained as proof of the sexual act that had just completed.

“This calmed the Sex Root quite a lot, so it shouldn’t manifest itself for a few days.”

Saki rubbed Yuka’s lower stomach with cum-soaked fingers and then kissed her classmate.

“Nh…nhh…kiss, kiss, slurp…”

The vessel girl named Yukimura Yuka narrowed her eyes happily and sucked at her classmate’s hot and soft tongue as it stirred up the inside of her mouth.

“Ahh…ahm…nh…nhh…”

Having her tongue tip sucked like a blowjob created a wave of sweet pleasure that brought a seductive look to Saki’s face as well.

“You’re so cute, Yuka…nhh, kiss, slurp, suck…”

Saki spoke to her in an alluring and scratchy voice, actively attacked the other girl’s tongue, and groped Yuka’s soft bust with her cum-soaked fingers.

Yuka’s breasts were not as large as Saki’s but they were still nicely shaped and larger than a C-cup. The skillfully-crawling fingers caused them to endlessly change shape and massaged the pleasure deep into them.

“Hyahh! Ah, I-I just came. M-my body is too sensitive!”

“Yes…it really is sensitive. Just look how erect your nipples are…hee hee hee♪”

While her classmate’s naked body shook from the pleasure, Saki’s fingers massaged her breasts from the base to the tip. Then she pinched and toyed with both the areolae and the pink nipples that stood erect in cone shapes.

“Hyahhhn! No, noh my nihhles! Ahh, ah, ahhhhn!”

Those erect nipples hid such wonderful sensitivity, so the pleasure from the skillful finger caress even numbed Yuka’s tongue while she writhed on the mat.

“Hahhhhn, Saki-san…”

While crying out in pleasure, the girl held Saki’s head close so she could suck her nipples and ran her fingers through Saki’s glossily wet black hair and smooth white back.

(From here on, this is only for our own personal pleasure… I need to enjoy this too.)

The ticklish feeling transformed into pleasure as it ran down her back and she felt a warm wetness deep in her slit, so Saki obeyed that growing desire and sought her own pleasure as well.

“Yuka, you want pleasure in more than just your tits, don’t you? For example, here…”

While sucking at one of the erect nipples, she pressed her healthily plump thigh against Yuka’s wet slit and then shook her body.

“Hee, ah, ah, ahhhn! That’s…that’s…ahhhhn!”

The girl’s cries echoed seductively around as Saki sucked at a nipple swollen to the limit and moved her hips to rub against that wet and opened slit.

“You’re burning up down here, Yuka. It feels good, doesn’t it? It feels like it’s melting, doesn’t it? Heh heh. You’re absolutely dripping.”

Saki enjoyed how the hot and soft labia sucked to her thigh like a suction cup and she pressed her own vulva against Yuka’s thigh to stir it up.

“Ahh, ahn! Saki-san, your…p-pussy is so hot! It’s hot and wet…ahh, Saki-sannnnnn!”

Yuka sweetly shouted back with her own dirty talk while growing drunk on pleasure. She clung to Saki’s neck and awkwardly moved her own hips to indulge in the lesbian sex.

“Yes, use your hips more. Make me cum!”

The Curse Eater felt her arousal grow from the heat and obscene movements of the sex organ sucking against her thigh, so she hastened the movements of her butt. She used the fully-trained muscles hidden in that beautiful ass to produce a raw and sticky sound from the two contacts between thigh and slit.

The clitoris caught between Saki’s thigh muscles and Yuka’s pubis bone was rubbed hard enough to send a sweet surge of electricity from deep within Yuka’s hips that sent her pleasure curve skyrocketing past the boiling point.

“Kyaaaaahn! If you rub my pussy like that…no, ah, ah, ah, no, I can’t stand it! I’m melting!”

Yuka’s naked body was already throbbing from the afterglow of an ejaculation orgasm, so this aggressive caress caused her to writhe madly on the air mat.

“Let yourself melt. And keep moving. …Here, do it like this!”

Yuka tried to escape the excessive pleasure, but the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden tightly embraced her naked body and sped up her hip strokes for a last spurt.

Their pleasure-swollen breasts squished together and their erect nipples knocked into each other, which added a new stimulation to the frictional pleasure at their crotches.

“I-it feels…so gooooood! Ah, no, I’m cumming, no, I’m cumming! I’m flying!”

“Yes…let’s cum together…nhah, l-let’s fly together!”

The two girls embraced so tightly it looked like their slender bodies were going to fuse together, they moved their hips as their desire demanded, and they sent pleasure to each other’s sex organ.

The lewd noise of their nectar sounded loud in the bathroom and their wet and opened slits sucked at and slid across the other’s smooth thigh.

The scent of semen in the bathroom was joined by the sweet aroma of sex nectar and their echoing moans inspired further arousal.

Their vaginal walls twisted like someone wringing out a wet towel, a great wave of pleasure pushed out from deep within their wombs, and their minds went blank.

The first to give in was, unsurprisingly, Yuka.

“Ahh! Hee, I-I’m cumming! Cumming! Saki-san! Saki-saaaan! Hwahhh..no, khhhhh! Khahhhhhh~!!”

Her adorable voice repeated her lesbian lover’s name as she announced her climax. Her naked body alternatively tensed and relaxed as the wild waves of feminine pleasure washed over her.

“Nh…khh…ahhh…”

While feeling Yuka’s slit squirt love juices against her thigh as it contracted with orgasm, Saki also soaked her classmate’s thigh with hot sex nectar of her own and leaned her head back.



“Ah! It’s this late already? I need to hurry back before the dorm curfew…”

Yuka raised a panicked voice while checking her uniform in front of the large mirror.

“You sure take those things seriously. You could just spend the night here.”

Saki had already donned her school uniform and she brushed her classmate’s shampoo-smelling hair while making a tempting comment over her shoulder.

“I can’t do that. If I let the desire win, it will just keep dragging me down. I would really love to do that, but I need to set some boundaries.”

The vessel girl bashfully rejected her lesbian lover’s offer.

“Is that so? You are a strong girl, Yuka.”

“Strong? Me?”

Yuka’s eyes widened n surprise at that unexpected compliment, but she also looked happy.

“Yes, strong. Before meeting me, you managed to endure the Sex Root’s inhuman pleasure without losing control. That is truly incredible and you have my respect.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden meant every word of that whispered praise and she embraced her classmate’s body.

“D-don’t say that…uuh, you’re making me blush. Ahhh, I need to get back before the desire gets the better of me. Saki-san, will you see me to the girl’s dorm?”

That classmate was polite to everyone and she looked at Saki like a puppy begging its owner to take it on a walk.

“Yes, of course. I will escort you to the utmost of my ability.”

After leaving the apartment, the two of them held hands and leaned against each other as they walked.

Private Kaihou Academy accepted students from all across Japan, so it was fully-equipped with student dorms. The girl’s dorm where Yuka stayed was located a bit outside the shopping district. It was only a ten or fifteen minute walk from Saki’s luxury apartment.

Each student had their own room and the rooms were built as studio apartments with heating, cooling, and cutting-edge security, so they allowed for a comfortable dorm life.

“What a lovely night.”

“Yes, it really is. You can’t see the stars because of the city’s lights, but the wind is nice.”

Saki’s glossy black hair blew in the night breeze and her obsidian eyes reflected the endless expanse of the clear night sky.

(I don’t think I’ve ever felt so peaceful as I looked up into the night sky.)

That girl had spent all her life intensely training to be a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden, so the body heat from the hand she held felt pleasant to her.

In order to fulfill her duty to seal Sex Gods, Saki was forbidden from dating or having sex with boys and she had a special seal placed on her womb to protect her virginity.

Yukimura Yuka had appeared before her as vessel for a Sex God, but also as someone with whom she could build a relationship that existed outside her duties.

(The Agency probably isn’t too happy that I’m waiting to seal this Sex God and having sex with the vessel, but I should have the right to a certain level of selfishness.)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden had been lost in thought as she walked, but she came to a stop when she noticed Yuka had stopped.

“We’re here. I tried to walk slowly, but we’ve already arrived.”

“Hm? Oh, so we have.”

Yuka and Saki stared silently at each other for a while outside the girl’s dorm’s calm exterior, but they finally reluctantly let go of each other’s hands.

They playfully kept their little fingers together in the end as if performing a pinky swear, but then they released that as well.

“See you at school tomorrow… Good night, Yuka.”

“Yes. See you at school. Good night, Saki-san…”

After watching the girl turn back to wave several times while entering the dorm, Saki began walking aimlessly through the night.

She had only just moved here, so everything about the city felt new to her. She went for a stroll while searching for a Sex God’s presence.

The night had only just begun, so there were still a lot of people walking through the shopping district.

Thanks to the impression reduction curse drawn on her left breast, no one paid any heed to the extremely attractive girl in a school uniform.

“Now, after patrolling the area, I guess I’ll head back and get some sleep… But first, I’ll grab something to eat. Mh…what is that…?”

While strolling through the shopping district crowd, Saki looked up overhead and frowned.

Her sharpened gaze was directed toward an abnormally-large butterfly wrapped in aurora-like phosphorescence as it fluttered through the night sky.

Its wings had to be 30cm across and its pale green phosphorescence released scales which floated in the night breeze.

Even with so many people walking along the sidewalk, Saki was the only one looking up at the bewitchingly beautiful butterfly. Even when it descended and fluttered right in front of people’s eyes, they walked off without reacting.

(It would seem only I can see it. A glowing butterfly that normal people cannot see? Begin data search!)

The Curse Eater girl came to a stop and erased all emotion from her eyes as she searched the memories of supernatural beings carved into her brain.

A special memory-establishing technique had been used to fill Saki’s brain with extensive knowledge about the world’s curses, supernatural techniques, and paranormal beings. The one flaw was how she entered a trance when extracting the data, but she could use that data to put together the appropriate countermeasure for whatever monster she had just encountered.

“Visual match found. Sex Fluid Butterfly… A Sex God that uses several fragments of itself to extract the sexual energy contained in bodily fluids…”

After that emotionless recitation, emotion returned to Saki’s eyes and a slight smile appeared on her lips.

“In the deep darkness / of a chilly spring evening / a Sex God takes flight… Heh heh heh, this city really is interesting.”

After writing an impromptu haiku, the Curse Eater girl felt a hunter’s elation throbbing within her large chest and she began pursuing the glowing butterfly. The Sex Fluid Butterfly fragment fluttered elegantly around and entered a large park outside the shopping district.

“Fortress Park? Hm, it does seem to have the remains of a castle wall, but the castle itself must no longer exist.”

Saki followed the butterfly into the deserted park.

She followed the wall made of large and precisely stacked stones until she found a thick copse in the depths of the darkness. The old trees seemed to have been silently watching over this land since the days of the castle and they continued back beyond the reach of the streetlights.

The green phosphorescent Sex Fluid Butterfly scattered scales as it bewitchingly fluttered along until it vanished into the trees.

“There isn’t anyone else around this deep in. Well, you would have to be crazy to go this deep in the dark forest when there aren’t even any benches to sit on. …Oh, there’s a crazy person there.”

Saki’s eyes saw through the darkness and spotted someone wandering in the forest.

The large glowing butterfly slowly circled around their head as if cautious of the intruder.

“Would you look at that. It’s him again. This is almost identical to when we first met on that night.”

The exorcist girl smiled bitterly when her excellent night vision saw a familiar person in the darkness.

“…My, my. If it isn’t Iwakura Shinji.”

She intentionally hid her presence and snuck up to the urban legend boy before loudly calling to him.

“Wah! D-don’t scare me like that! Oh, you’re that transfer student…um…?”

Shinji cried out in surprise and he held a video camera with a night vision mode.

“Did you forget my name? It is Tokiwagi Saki. Are you spying on people in the parks again?”

After naming herself, Saki asked a blunt question.

“C’mon, now. Stop slandering me! I’m here to inspect an urban legend! And what are you doing here, anyway?”

“Me? Well, taking a walk…I guess?”

“It’s probably not a good idea for a girl to walk wander around deserted areas like this. But anyway, it must be destiny that I ran into you here. Will you join my club? I’d love to have you as a member.”

Shinji tried to recruit her with his usual perverted-looking grin.

“I’m not interested at the moment. …So what are you investigating today?”

After coldly rejecting the offer, the girl looked alternately between the Sex Fluid Butterfly fluttering overhead and the boy who showed no sign of noticing it.

“My targets today are the mysterious flying objects known as Skyfish.”

“Skyfish? Oh, you mean those fish soaring through the May sky?”

“Those are carp streamers!”

The girl set up the joke and he promptly completed it for her.

“Hm, your tsukkomi speed and timing are decent, but the reaction was a little subdued and plain. I’d give that an overall score of 55 points…”

After some scathing criticism, Saki gave a mischievous grin.

“I’m not an entertainer, so don’t look to me for tsukkomi talent. And your bokes come out of nowhere, so it’s hard to be prepared.”

Shinji complained with an exasperated look, but he seemed to be enjoying the exchange with the hot transfer student.

She had transferred a curse to his little finger when she found him at school, so the impression reduction curse did not affect him and he could see her true form.

“Humor is necessary in the occult as well. Laughter keeps evil spirits away. …Oh, or are you so obsessed with the occult that you don’t like keeping spirits away?”

“Hm? Well…You could say that. I need to get close to the target to inspect it. So I can’t laugh, huh? That’s good to know. I definitely won’t laugh from here on out.”

Just as Shinji tensed his lips in a sullen look, the Sex Fluid Butterfly descended and landed right on his head.

“…Ah!”

Saki uttered a quiet exclamation at the unexpected turn of events.

“What was that ‘ah!’ for?”

The boy could not see spirits, so he looked puzzled with the large butterfly sitting amusingly on his head.

“Oh, nothing… Don’t worry about it. So are the Skyfish in this park?”

“Yeah. Do you mind if I explain? It could get kind of long.”

“I don’t mind…”

The boy loved explaining things, so he got started with the butterfly still comically perched on top of him.

“Skyfish are mysterious flying objects that are known as Rods overseas since that’s exactly what they usually look like. Some say they’re living things and others say they’re related to UFOs.”

“I see, I see…”

The exorcist girl was too distracted by the Sex Fluid Butterfly on Shinji’s head to say anything more as the urban legend boy proudly revealed his knowledge.

“Most of the Skyfish images you find posted on the internet are said to be the rod-shaped afterimage of flying bugs using the motion blur characteristic of the electronic shutters of digital video. In other words, they’re an optical illusion created by the machine.”

“Oh, so it’s just an optical illusion?”

Saki was entirely focused on the giant butterfly that was no illusion.

(Don’t do anything, Sex Fluid Butterfly fragment. Until I encounter your main body and can begin the God Entertainment, I want to let sleeping gods lie…)

No matter the reason, making an enemy of a Sex God or a fragment thereof would greatly hinder the ceremony, so she wanted to avoid that if at all possible.

“But the recent accounts from this city take a shape that completely overturns that standard theory: people see them as a giant butterfly!”

“Oh…?”

Saki’s eyebrows twitched.

(That is precisely what is sitting there on your head, but you are entirely oblivious. …This is really tickling my funny bone.)

Since she could see spirits, the girl had to suppress the laughter brought on by the Sex Fluid Butterfly spreading its wings atop Shinji’s head as if to mock him.

“The Butterfly Skyfish is revolutionary enough for its shape alone, but there are also witness accounts of people seeing it with their naked eye. And that’s goddamn amazing!”

The occult-obsessed boy leaned toward her.

“Uh…hee hee hee hee!”

The close up of the giant butterfly above that serious expression was too much for Saki and she held her hand over her mouth as she burst out laughing.

“What are you laughing for!? Weren’t you the one that said laughter kept spirits away?”

“Sorry… I just remembered something funny is all. Please continue.”

The girl desperately suppressed the urge to laugh and asked him to keep going.

“Now for the biggest part of the story. It seems every single person who saw the giant butterfly was pregnant or the mother of a newborn baby. How about that? Strange, right?”

“Pregnant?”

Saki frowned at Shinji’s words.

“Yeah. The uploaded video of the Butterfly Skyfish was taken by a mother while she nursed her baby. The Butterfly Skyfish landed on the opposite boob from the baby and looked like it was sucking her milk.”

(So this Sex Fluid Butterfly prefers milk, does it? …That is not good. I am not lactating.)

The Curse Eater looked troubled as she focused on her large breasts.

“That video apparently violated the site’s rules and it was quickly deleted, but at around the same time, there were a few posts on a major message board’s occult thread where people said a giant butterfly had sucked their breast milk.”

Shinji’s explanation further clouded Saki’s features.

(Normal people can see it!? It may have grown into an even more troublesome entity while it fed. I doubt this God Entertainment ceremony will be easy.)

The girl continued trying to come up with a means of entertaining the Sex Fluid Butterfly when she could not produce breast milk.

“After gathering and analyzing the data, I located the Butterfly Skyfish nest. It’s in this park.”

“Based on what evidence?”

Shinji grinned confidently at her question.

“The video I mentioned was filmed at the ob-gyn ward of the city hospital adjacent to this park. You could see the castle walls out the window, so there’s no mistaking it. And while the other witness accounts never specified a location, they said enough to know it was at a large hospital in this city. And that is the only hospital in the city with an ob-gyn ward!”

When Shinji clenched his fist and spoke so intensely, the Sex Fluid Butterfly fluttered up into the air and flew deeper into the forest.

“Impressive. It makes you sound like an expert detective.”

“If you want to see more of that, then join my club!”

“It isn’t that impressive. Now, could you lead me to this nest?”

After dodging his recruitment, the exorcist girl walked deeper into the forest with Shinji.

“So where are we going?”

“Up ahead, there’s an old well that was known as the Ubatama Well during the Muromachi period,” replied Shinji while walking in the exact direction the Sex Fluid Butterfly had gone.

“Ubatama?”

“Yes, it’s written with the characters for ‘Soul of the Nursing Mother’. There was apparently a legend that drinking the well’s water would help a mother produce milk, but during a great famine in the middle Edo period, they apparently drew too much water and it dried up.”

The boy loved to explain things and he proudly displayed his knowledge.

“A dried well, hm?”

Saki wrinkled her brow at that.

(Odd. Sex Gods possess people’s emotions. I doubt a god would reside in a well that had long since gone dry.)

“The Ubatama Well was abandoned afterwards and it’s been left to rot since it wasn’t even designated a historical relic, but…oh! There it is. That’s the old well.”

It was a small empty area of land surrounded by old trees. There was a mortar-shaped depression in the ground and some moss-covered stones could be seen buried below leaves in the center.

“The well’s hole has been nearly filled in.”

Saki did not sound too interested as she peered into the well filled with rubble, tree branches, and lots of fallen leaves.

(There is some Sex God spiritual energy in the air here, but could it really grow to the divine level without a vessel? This is odd. I sense something intentional about this.)

The exorcist girl sensed some residual spiritual energy around the well, so she looked around the ground for signs of a ceremony being held here.

“Hey…l-look! Something glowing is headed this way. Look! It’s the Butterfly Skyfish! There’s a ton of them! This is incredible! They’re really here!”

Shinji had been filming the old well in the darkness, but then he pointed deeper into the woods and shouted at Saki.

“Here they are… And if you can see them, are these physically manifested versions!?”

More and more glowing butterflies appeared as if from the darkness itself, so Saki’s face stiffened.

“Huh? What’s going on? It was filming just fine a second ago! Why does it have to malfunction now of all times!?”

While Shinji panicked and opened and closed the LCD finder of the video camera since it suddenly powered off, the green-glowing Sex Fluid Butterflies spiraled around as they gathered together.

A long, trailing, clear, and high-pitched sound produced a strange chord.

“Wh-what’s that sound? It sounds like gagaku… It’s ringing directly in my head, which is really creepy…ugh. I-is this what they call a mysterious phenomenon? I can’t believe it!”

The occult-obsessed boy grimaced at the mystical melody that he could hear even with his ears covered, but he also shouted for joy at what was happening before his eyes.

“A God Cry… In the West, they call this spiritual resonance an Angel Voice. The mental wave emitted when a divine entity manifests is perceived as music.”

Saki narrowed her eyes a bit, focused her mind and body so she could respond to any change in the situation, and she calmly explained.

“You know a lot about this. You’re a pretty big paranormal hobbyist too, aren’t you?”

“I’m no hobbyist. I’m a pro!”

A fearless smile came to Saki’s lips as she answered Shinji with a dignified voice.

“If you’re waiting for me to laugh, forget about it. That would keep the spirits away, right?”

Shinji must have taken her answer as a joke and he was much more focused on the mysterious phenomenon occurring before his eyes.

“I’m not joking. And as a pro, I have one piece of advice: get down on the ground and do as you are told. No matter what happens, do not raise your head until I tell you!”

“H-hey, seriously? This is that dangerous?”

Overpowered by her forceful tone, Shinji obediently got down on the ground, but he continued fiddling with his video camera.

“Do as you are told and no harm will come to you. But if you do anything to displease the Sex God, you might have your sexual energy absorbed until only a dry husk remains. So obey all of my instructions!”

The Curse Eater girl gave an even more forceful command while watching the butterflies gathering together and illuminating the surrounding forest with their bewitching green phosphorescence.

“You can get really domineering at times. You’re just like Ayu-nee there.”

The boy lay down on his stomach next to Saki and turned just his head at an angle that likely gave him a view up her skirt.

“Oh, while we were chatting, the Sex Fluid Butterfly has…manifested.”

After combining into a pillar of light, the butterflies melted together and transformed.

Afterwards, a naked woman with excellent proportions stood in front of the other two.

They could not tell what she looked like since her long black hair hid her downturned face, but her breasts were like two large overturned bowls on her chest and her light pink nipples roundly stuck out with the size of cherries.

Her nicely-sized torso gave off the sex appeal of a mature woman, her plump butt bulged out to the left and right, and her thighs were big and strong. The tightly-closed gap between her thighs had an upside-down triangle of glossy black hair.

This fully-nude woman had giant butterfly wings growing from her back, her entire body was enveloped in light green phosphorescence, and she had an inhuman charm to her.

“Wow, she looks like a fairy…and she’s naked!?”

The woman seemed to respond to Shinji’s comment by slowly raising her head.

The black hair parted to reveal a face so beautiful even Saki, who prided herself in her own looks, had to gulp.

Her eyebrows seemed drawn with thin ink, the bridge of her nose was long, her plump and sensual lips shined a bright scarlet even in the dark, and her angled eyes viewed the boy and girl with such a green color that it looked like she had emeralds embedded in them.

“Uh…wh-what? I can’t move… I can’t…b-breathe!”

When those green eyes fell on Shinji, his mouth flapped like a suffocating goldfish and his paralyzed body trembled.

“Do not struggle! That is the natural reaction when a human faces a god. Do not look directly at the god! Close your eyes and bow!”

After seeing the curious boy obey her while groaning, Saki began removing her clothing. Her uniform’s skirt fell to the leaves on the ground and her casually stripped-off shirt landed on top of that.

After removing her shoes and socks, Saki slid down the final piece of clothing: her panties.

The chilly night air reached a nude body with proportions just as nice as the Sex Fluid Butterfly.

“Whoa! Leather straps? Is that like a thong on steroids? And why are you stripping?”

Shinji had glanced up while still lying on the ground, so his eyes were glued to Saki’s ass.

“Don’t stare! And I told you to keep your head down!”

The girl harshly repeated her command while her naked body was covered only by deep red leather belts a few centimeters wide.

Her large breasts stuck out as if in defiance of heaven and the alluring cleavage was accentuated by how they were pressed together by the belts that only just barely hid her nipples and areolae.

Thin black leather tightly covered her hairless mons pubis and circled around to her butt where it dug deeply between and separated the cheeks, creating a butt even more erotic than one wearing a thong.

“Analyzing God Cry voiceprint…construction of linking voice complete…begin.”

Saki entered a semi-trance and spoke in an emotionless voice before closing her eyes and taking a deep breath.

When she slowly opened her red lips, they released a clear chord that did not sound like the product of human vocal cords. Saki’s sonorous voice and the Sex Fluid Butterfly’s God Noise harmonized and shook the surrounding air as a mystical double chord that seemed to reach the core of one’s soul.

“…Link…complete…”

Once she was finished singing, Saki muttered that without opening her eyes. Then she kneeled before the Sex Fluid Butterfly, bowed her head, and spoke in a reverent tone.

“If I might speak with your holiness, I am a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden known as Tokiwagi Saki. If I am not being too bold, would you allow me to entertain you and soothe your soul?”

“A shrine maiden? Splendid,” said the woman with butterfly wings. “So you say you will entertain me?”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly spoke with many overlapping voices that rang in Saki’s ears. It sounded like several dozen women speaking in perfect unison.

(So it’s a collective spirit. And one composed entirely of young women. It looks like a very strong obsession formed the core of this Sex God.)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden kept her head bowed before this abnormal enemy and she considered how to handle the Sex Fluid Butterfly. Since the ceremony was to calm the god, not fight it, she had to be careful how she got started.

“If you are a soothing shrine maiden, then use those weighty breasts to provide my children with milk. Soothe my beloved children’s thirst.”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly flapped her butterfly wings while speaking with the many overlapping voices.

The flapping produced a gust of wind that blew green-glowing scales across Saki’s body.

“Nh! Uuh…”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden reflexively shut her eyes and held her breath while accepting the scaly wind. The bewitchingly glowing powder coated her nudity like lamé, giving her own body the same bewitching glow.

“Ahh…ah…my body…”

Once the scales covered her body, a sweet and agonizing throbbing surrounded her and her pulse quickened.

Despite the chilly breeze of an early spring night, her naked body felt warm and she began sweating.

Her nipples began to grow erect and they formed visible bumps in the leather belts binding her breasts. Between her thighs, her mons pubis grew swollen with arousal and held the thin leather between the labia, revealing the shape of the maiden’s slit through the material.

(That’s a Sex God’s aphrodisiac scales for you. Not even I can suppress the throbbing of my body…)

Saki’s sweaty seminude body gave off the sweet scent of arousal and she worked to fight against the waves of horniness washing over her.

“You can feel the throbbing, can’t you? You can barely stand it, can you? The scales of my wings bring humans to the most dreamlike state of ecstasy.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden moaned as the aphrodisiac scales forcibly aroused her and the Sex Fluid Butterfly turned to look at the boy lying on the ground nearby.

“You, boy. Get up and stand behind this girl.”

At the mystical goddess’s command, Shinji awkwardly stood up. The light of reason was absent from his empty eyes and his expression was slack.

“My fragment already implanted a suggestion in this boy’s mind.”

The mystical woman with butterfly wings gave a bewitching smile as she explained.

(So that’s why the giant butterfly stopped on his head. Well, even if I had known what it was up to, I doubt I could have stopped it… I can imagine what she wants to do with Shinji, but I don’t exactly like it.)

Saki’s reluctant imagination was right on the mark.

“Now, knead that shrine maiden’s breasts!”

“Yes…Tokiwagi-san’s…boobs…”

The boy approached while speaking as if in his sleep. He then reached below Saki’s arms and gently embraced her limp seminude body from behind.

“Kh…hh…”

His arms were stronger than she had expected and they softly massaged her breasts while she could only groan. The weighty melons changed form in his hands and his fingertips dug deeply and strongly into them.

“Hahhh…nnnh!”

Her breasts had been made more sensitive, so a moan escaped her lips when she felt his tough and powerful fingers digging into them.

(So this is what a boy’s fingers feel like. This is nothing like Yuka’s kind and hesitant massage. His fingertips reach deep inside the flesh!)

Shinji’s finger technique was far too inexperienced and rough to have given her any pleasure normally, but thanks to the arousal of the aphrodisiac scales, she felt deep, powerful stimulation that caused her slender body to tremble.

“T-Tokiwagi-san…I-I’m sorry! I…I don’t want to do this, but my body…is moving on its own…! Ahhh, my fingers keep moving…nhh!”

Shinji must have had some slight sense of himself left because he apologized even as his fingers continued crawling without a moment’s rest and thoroughly massaged those soft and voluminous melons.

“Uuh…khhn, hearing you apologize is only a nuisance right now. B-be quiet! Hh…nkh.”

She moaned from the waves of pleasure rising from the depths of her breasts, but she also maintained a confident tone to tell the boy what to do.

But the Sex Fluid Butterfly gave him the exact opposite instructions:

“Boy, continue speaking. Voice your indecent thoughts. That will help set the mood.”

It was obvious whose command took priority here.

“They’re so soft… Girls’ boobs feel even better than I thought they would…”

Shinji let out his perverted thoughts while his fingers dug into the sweaty breasts and he scooped them up from below as if to confirm their volume. Only the nipples were covered by the belts and the breasts bent and changed shape as his fingers dug deeply into them.

The rough treatment surrounded them in hot waves of pleasure, they grew firmer and sweatier, and the girl’s intermittent moans grew even more sexual.

“Nh, kh…ah, ahh…can’t you grope them a little gentler!?”

Saki quietly scolded Shinji for attacking her sensitive breasts with a strength that made it clear he was new to this, but the controlled boy’s fingers only dug in deeper in an act of pure desire.

“Ahh, they both suck in and push out my fingers. Boobs are amazing!”

Shinji breathed heavily as he made that obviously virginal observation and he continued the breast massage.

“Nh, ahhh, d-don’t say that, shut up…”

She knew it was useless, but she could not help but command him.

His muscular forearms were pressed against her armpits, which produced sweet sweat that made a seductively wet sound from the intense movements of his massage.

“Your sweat smells wonderful. That aroma is just to my liking.”

The butterfly-winged Sex God narrowed her eyes happily when Saki’s scent reached her on the night breeze.

“Ahh, ahh, ahh…nnh! The scents produced by my body are made to soothe gods such as yourself. Please let me…let me entertain…entertain you.”

While moaning from the pleasure of the boy’s rough and lustful breast massage, the girl trained in god entertainment techniques spoke with her respectful tone intact.

“I require no entertainment. I only desire the milk to quench my children’s thirst. Boy, remove that girl’s breast bands and tease her nipples.”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly rejected the entertainment offer and gave Shinji a new command.

“Her…her nipples!? Gulp…”

The boy audibly gulped, grabbed the leather belts with fingers trembling with arousal, and pulled them down.

Her nipples were already erect and they bounced a bit when the belts pulled away.

The areolae swelled up like freshly-cooked pancakes and the nipples stood out from the center like missiles while glistening a sweaty light pink.

“Khah…nnh!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden moaned in aguish as the night breeze and the boy’s gaze reached the sensitive, exposed tips.

“Ah…ahh, these are Tokiwagi-san’s nipples… They’re so beautiful…and hot!”

After that childish praise, the boy’s fingers crawled up the curves of her breasts.

“Kh…I know you have to touch them, but be gentle… They’re really sensi-…khhhn!”

Before she could finish speaking, he tightly pinched her erect nipples.

The painful sensation became sharp needles of pleasure that raced through the core of her breasts and made her entire body jerk back in the leather bondage outfit.

“Khhhh..nhh! T-too strong…ahhh! Not so strong, you idiot!”

The girl yelled at the boy as she looked worriedly down at her nipples that felt like they would be crushed between his thumbs and middle fingers.

“Ohh, your nipples are so stiff. And your body smells so good…”

The boy spoke in a dreamlike way that suggested he could not hear her. He sniffed at the sweet sexual scent of her nape while he continued teasing her exposed nipples.

“Nhh! H-hey! I said not so strong! D-don’t pinch them like that! Ah, hee! Don’t tug on them!”



He rolled the nipples side to side between his fingers, pulled on them, and twisted them, so the exorcist girl felt painful pleasure pierce the core of her breasts while she uttered sexual moans and twisted her naked body.

He squeezed her light pink erect nipples so much they grew an almost transparently pale pink and trembled with painful pleasure.

“Goddamn, I love how stiff your nipples feel! I want to keep teasing them forever!”

The boy’s male instincts were laid bare and his fingers continued crawling around while pinching those pleasant-feeling nipples.

“Such an innocent boy,” commented the Sex God. “Now, you need to massage the inside of her breasts. Boy, let go of the tips and gently massage the breasts themselves.”

“Uh? Uuh…o…okay…”

Shinji was unable to fight the supernatural woman’s command, so he reluctantly let go and softly kneaded those sweaty, hot, and tingling breasts.

The breasts showed off their youthful perkiness by sticking out in perfect bowl shapes, so he stroked around the base in a large circle before moving up toward the tips.

“Nhah…i-if you can massage them like that, why didn’t you do it in the first place!? Pant, pant, pant…”

This gentle massage was much more pleasant, so Saki narrowed her eyes, relaxed her expression, and moaned much more happily. Meanwhile, the Sex Goddess approached as if sliding through the air.

“Your breasts have grown so large. They should produce plenty of milk.”

The awkward but thorough caress had caused pressure to build within Saki’s breasts, so they defied gravity nicely. The milk-drinking Sex God inspected them and reached out her fingers with an alluring smile.

“These nipples are the perfect size and shape for my children.”

When the fingers gently pinched her nipples, the pleasure was far more intense than from Shinji’s crude caress.

“Ahhh…khhhhn!”

As she teased the erect nipples between her cold fingers as if assessing them, a sweet throbbing further increased their sensitivity and the girl’s nearly naked body stiffened from waves of pressure so great they kept her from breathing.

“W-wait… I cannot produce milk. So please…allow me to entertain-…! Please allow me to entertain you.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden made her request while her voice trembled from the pleasure of the boy massaging her breasts and the supernatural woman pinching and teasing her nipples.

“I do not desire your entertainment. I will stir up the inside of your breasts with my tongue so that you can produce milk.”

The Sex God ignored Saki’s request and a red tongue tip stuck out from between her sensual lips. It visibly grew longer, rose up like a snake approaching its prey, and wrapped around Saki’s nipple.

“Hyah! Khhhhhn!”

The unbelievable pleasure wrapped around her erect nipple felt like it was boiling her, so she arched her leather-bound body backwards and into Shinji’s arms.

The supernatural woman’s tongue wrapped repeatedly around the right nipple and then the tip extended and arrived at the left nipple.

“Such a young and pure flavor. I have never tasted such delicious breasts.”

Even with the very long tongue sticking from her mouth, the Sex Fluid Butterfly smiled and spoke. Then the tongue tangled around the nipples began to wriggle.

The tongue licked both erect nipples and made a lewd sound as it coated them with thick saliva.

“Kh! Hahhhhhh…!”

When the extraordinary pleasure pierced her nipples, the girl’s body convulsed like an electric current was running through it.

“Wow… That’s amazing, Tokiwagi-san. It feels so good you’re convulsing, right?”

The controlled boy held her firmly in his arms while she writhed madly and the gentle but deep massage of his fingers continued on her sweaty breasts.

“Now, how does it taste on the inside?”

After enjoying the flavor of the nipples, the Sex God’s tongue transformed. The taste buds created small bumps which gave the tongue its roughness, but those extended out and began to poke at the tip of the nipple.

The taste bud tentacles searched out the unopened mammary gland openings at the tip of the stiffly erect nipples and entered within the nipple.

“Hwah, inside…so deep inside! Ahahhhh…nh!”

As the woman’s tongue took her nipple virginity, Saki bent her body back from the odd sensation of something tickling her within her erect nipples.

Beads of sweat poured from her slender body, her mouth hung open as she moaned, drool of pleasure flowed from the corner of her mouth, and it dripped down from her flushed cheek to her chin and then down her throat.

“Wow, Tokiwagi-san, you look like you’re really enjoying this. The way you’re moaning and drooling is unbelievably sexy… Nhh, and you smell really good…”

While she trembled from extreme pleasure, Shinji must have run out of patience because he started kissing and licking her white throat and shoulders.

“Ah, Sh-Shinji! Don’t…l-lick me! Ah, hahhhhhn!”

The pleasure of having her mammary glands excavated hit her again, so the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden moaned sweetly and writhed on her feet.

“Ahhh, it tastes so good. It’s so slippery and sweet…I can’t stand it. Lick, suck, slurp. Ahhh, I never knew a girl’s drool tasted so good…”

The controlled boy completely ignored Saki and focused on using his tongue to lick up the pleasure drool flowing down her throat or the sweetly aromatic sweat.

(This is a boy’s tongue? It’s so intense, greedy, and powerful… It’s like being devoured by a starving animal.)

The pleasure of the boy’s hot and rough tongue licking across her fine skin mixed together with the pleasure within her breasts, so the Curse Eater was left bewildered.

“Ohh, the inside of your breasts is hot and sweetly damp. It feels good, doesn’t it? Not long now and your milk will be flowing.”

The Sex God sent her taste bud tentacles into the nipples to enjoy the flavor of the sensitive flesh inside and she expressed her satisfaction while moving her tongue all the more lewdly.

“Khhh, not that deep…ahhhh, nh, ah, ahhhh…it keeps going in…khhhhhn!”

After entering Saki’s nipples, the skinny taste organs moved deeper and deeper into her breasts until they arrived at the lobules that actually secreted milk.

“Here I go. No matter how many times you cum, I will not stop until the milk is out.”

Saki was already moaning from the violation of her breasts, but then the Sex Fluid Butterfly’s tongue began to vibrate inside them.

With a muffled sound much like the buzzing of bees, the vibration filled the inside of her breasts and shook the soft tissue that secreted milk.

At the same time, the Sex God’s heated aura was poured inside the breasts to forcibly activate the milk-producing parts.

“Nhahhh! Khhh! Ah, so hot! Hh, ah, nkhhhhhhhhhhhhn!”

Saki’s nearly naked body glistened with sweat and stiffened while she moaned from the extreme pleasure reaching her from the depths of her breasts.

“Tokiwagi-san, your boobs are shaking… Wow, there’s so much pressure inside…”

Intoxicated Shinji lost himself in massaging the vibrating breasts. His powerful fingers kneaded the large breasts on the outside and the god’s tongue violated and stimulated the mammary glands on the inside.

(No…i-it’s too strong…I can’t even think. My boobs…are burning! They feel like they’re going to burst!)

“If you wish to soothe me, then let out your milk! Hurry up and let it out! What is keeping you!?”

The milk-seeking Sex Goddess spoke in a ghastly voice while violating the girl’s mammary glands with even more intense tongue vibrations.

An unbelievable wave of pleasure grew in the depths of Saki’s breasts and raced up through their core.

“Ahh, ahhh, hahhhhhhhhhn!!”

Her seductive voice shook the night air and she bent backwards when she achieved the ultimate feminine pleasure from just breast stimulation. Pure white milk squirted from her nipples.

“Ohhh, there it is! Your milk is spraying out!”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly cried out in joy and the white spray splattered on her face while the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden convulsed from her very first lactation climax.

“Tokiwagi-san, your milk looks so good… I want to drink it…”

Shinji stuck his tongue out and panted like a starving puppy as he breathed in the sweet scent of breast milk rising from the hot wetness of her breasts.

“Pant, pant, pant…ahh, milk is…coming from my-…nkhhhh…”

With each movement of the taste bud tentacles inserted into her mammary glands, milk surged from the tip of the nipples. The girl stared blankly at that while trembling from lactation pleasure so great it almost made her pass out.

“The milk is ready. Come forth, my children!”

After removing her tongue from Saki’s nipples, the Sex Fluid Butterfly bent backwards, pushing out her large breasts.

The round and swollen nipples grew even larger and the tips opened wide. Once the tips of her giant breasts opened to create flesh-colored tunnels with a diameter of a few centimeters, she tightly squeezed the base of the breasts and stroked upwards.

“Wh-what?”

Saki briefly forgot about the throbbing of her milk-dripping nipples as she watched something crawl out from the Sex Fluid Butterfly’s breasts.

“Wahhhhhh, wahhhhhhhh!”

The bewitching and sorrowful cries of babies came from the holes opened in the supernatural woman’s nipples. The flesh tunnels opened even wider and the heads of babies wet with a clear, sticky fluid poked out.

The fist-sized babies stuck just their faces out from the butterfly-winged woman’s breasts, opened their toothless mouths wide, and cried for milk.

“My dear children, drink this shrine maiden’s milk to soothe your hunger and thirst!”

The Sex God spoke compassionately to the bizarre babies and moved closer.

The Sex Goddess’s bewitching breasts and Saki’s beautiful breasts squished together so the crying babies could place the girl’s milk-dripping nipples in their mouths.

They sucked hard on the nipples to drink the milk she had only just begun producing.

“Hhahhhhhhn! No, ah, they’re sucking it…out! Ahhhhhhn!”

The pleasure was so great she thought her soul would be sucked out along with the milk, so her nearly-nude body convulsed while being held from the front and the back.

She felt an itchy throbbing in the nipples that were contained in sticky and warm mouths and stretched to about double their normal length. The forcibly-secreted milk was slurped away.

However, after only about a minute of nursing, the babies spat out the nipples and began crying again.

“Since it was forcibly done, it would seem you have not produced enough milk.”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly sounded annoyed as she stared at the erect nipples which had greatly reduced their milk supply.

“Pant, pant, pant, pant…uuh…ah, ahhh…”

After having the milk forcibly sucked out faster than it could be secreted and being tossed around by unknown pleasure, Saki moaned in something of a daze.

“If you awaken further to your womanly side, you should produce more milk. …You, boy there. Lay with this girl and fill her with your seed. Impregnate her.”

The impatient Sex Goddess gave Shinji an unbelievable command.

“Wh-what!? Please…anything but that!”

Saki heard the controlled boy moving behind her as he bared his lower half.

“Hhh…kh, khhh…”

Shinji must have been suppressing a lot of desire because he groaned in an almost painful way as he pressed his exposed crotch against Saki’s butt.

“Hwah! Wait…anything but that…!”

The boy’s hot and hard flesh pillar rubbed against her sweaty butt and the girl’s features twisted from the threat to her virginity.

“My children are crying for milk. Hurry up and lie with her!”

“Ahh…kh…ahhh…”

Prompted by the Sex Fluid Butterfly, Shinji continued his painful groaning and slid aside the leather belt protecting the exorcist girl’s crotch. Her wet and throbbing pussy was exposed and it obscenely contracted as the chilly night air washed over it.

“Now, thrust your manhood inside that girl’s womanhood!”

“S-stop! My vagina has a protective-…nmhhhhn!”

Saki started to give a warning, but the bewitching woman’s long tongue entered her mouth and stopped her.

“Your wailing will only ruin the mood. Pipe down and let him have his way with you. Now, thrust deep inside her! Impregnate her with your seed!”

“Ah…ahhhh, ahhhhh…”

The boy used awkward hip movements to rub the tip of his erect male spear against her slit and he thrust his hips before even finding the vagina.

But his penis rapidly shrank and bent flaccidly aside when pressed against the slit that was closed to prevent entry.

(Uh…ah? Eh? Wh-what just happened?)

“Why!? Why did your manhood lose its stiffness? Do you have erectile dysfunction at your age!?”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly was as confused as Saki by this unexpected turn of events.

“Y-you might not know it…by looking at me! But I’m…a feminist! R-rape is…against my policy! I refuse…to do this!”

Shinji was supposedly under the Sex Goddess’s control, but he managed to force out a few words at a time.

(Shinji…are you actually fighting the Sex God’s suggestion!?)

Saki could not hide her shock that a normal person with no exorcism training was resisting a god’s mental control.

“Nhh, you dare defy my commands!? This will not stand! This simply will not stand! You will ravish that shrine maiden!”

The butterfly-winged Sex Goddess restated her command with the angry voices of several dozen harmonized women.

“Khhh…you and your suggestion…can go fuck yourselves! I won’t! I-I will never…do that! I refuse! I’ll fight it…even if you are a god!”

The boy forcibly pulled his body away from Saki’s butt and collapsed backwards onto the leaf-covered ground.

“Fine then. I will suck all the semen from your uselessly flaccid manhood and impregnate that shrine maiden with it myself!”

The infuriated Sex Fluid Butterfly let go of the girl and approached Shinji who lay sprawled out with his lower half bare.

“I will suck out every last drop, so prepare yourself!”

Her skinny, tube-shaped tongue reached the tip of his still-soft penis and entered the urethra.

“Ah! You can do that!? Ah, ahhh, ahhhhhh!”

The boy cried out at the weird feeling of the tentacle tongue licking the inside of his urethra and his body jerked on the ground.

“I haven’t tasted a man in so long. It’s even better than I remember. Here, I will go even deeper…until I reach your collection of seed fluid. Heh heh heh heh. Prepare for ecstasy.”

The Sex God wiggled her narrow tongue and pierced the boy’s core while he trembled from the feeling of a foreign object entering him.

“Kh, ahhhh! T-take that out of me! Oh! Hahhhhh!”

Having his ejaculation pathway traveled in reverse provided enough pleasure for his penis to grow erect against his will and it twitched while he cried out in a mixture of pain and pleasure.

“You have so much thick fluid stored in here. I will suck out every last drop.”

The Sex God gave a bewitching smile and prepared to begin sucking out the semen.

“That is enough games!”

With a dignified voice, the bewitching woman’s breasts were grabbed from behind.

“How? You should have been rendered motionless by my aphrodisiac scales!”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly looked back in surprise to view the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden pressed against her back.

“My body has been strengthened with the best curses.”

Saki spoke firmly while massaging the Sex Fluid Butterfly’s breasts with her delicate finger movements.

Her white cheeks were flushed with lingering pleasure and her erect nipples were oozing milk, but the light of a powerful will had returned to her eyes.

“The curse at your core was born of the emotions of hundreds of women. You are formed from the sorrow and regret of those who wished to feed their child with their own milk but could not and lost their lives along with their child.”

The Curse Eater spoke calmly while caressing the butterfly-winged woman’s giant breasts.

The movement of the breasts must have worked like a cradle because the babies sticking their faces out from the enlarged nipples stopped crying.

“You are exactly right. I exist only to calm my children as they cry for milk to sate their hunger and thirst! They must have more milk! Much more!”

The Sex God, who was a collection of emotions, raised a tragic cry in the voices of several dozen women.

“That is an empty act. No matter how much milk you steal from other women and feed to your children, you can never satisfy them!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden spoke to the Sex Fluid Butterfly while squeezing her breasts from the tip and gently rubbing the heads of the babies sticking out from the nipples.

“Then…then what are you saying I do? How can I give my children peace!?”

“Your babies have become Demigods, so the only way quench their thirst and give them peace is with the milk of a divine being such as yourself.”

Saki answered the Sex Goddess in a respectful fashion.

“That is nonsense… They can suck at my breasts and squeeze them until they are about to break off, but they will not receive a single drop of milk! I have none to give!”

“Giving up on your own milk is another curse! It is the greatest and strongest curse that you, a god, have subconsciously placed on yourself! I will purify that curse until nothing remains!”

The Sex Fluid Butterfly’s naked body trembled in response to the girl’s powerful voice.

“Ohhh…c-can you…really do that?”

“I can!”

The Sex God sounded both hopeful and worried, so the Curse Eater nodded with utter confidence.

“My body does not exist to be helplessly devoured by Sex Gods. It exists to service gods, to soothe and calm their hungers, thirsts, longings, sorrows, and regrets…and to grant a god’s wishes! Prepare for the Uzume-style God-Entertainment!”

Saki began using all the skills she had been taught on the Sex Fluid Butterfly’s breasts.

“I have prepared a temporary sacred ground. First, transfer the baby Demigods there.”

The girl glanced over at an area of leafy ground where she had drawn a 1m-diameter curse surrounded by red phosphorescence.

In the brief time Shinji was being tormented, she had used her red pen to quickly draw it.

“Now, temporarily leave your mother god’s body and come here!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden spoke in a carrying voice, placed her hands on the volleyball-sized breasts, and applied pressure.

With a sound like something being sucked from a straw, the collections of baby spirits residing in those breasts were removed and fell atop the curse on the ground.

“Wahhhhhh, wahhhhhhhh!”

From the neck down, the crying and wiggling babies were shaped like giant caterpillars.

“You must only continue suffering from hunger in that form for a while longer.”

Saki gave the giant caterpillar babies a compassionate look. She then gently stuck the tips of her index fingers into the Sex Fluid Butterfly’s nipples that remained wide open after the babies had fallen out.

The warm and wet flesh tubes contracted to squeeze the girl’s slender and graceful fingers.

“Ohohhh! Shrine maiden, what do you think you are doing?”

With the situation reversed and the Sex Goddess the one having her nipples tormented, her voice trembled as she asked the question.

“Do not worry. I am a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden, so I will never do anything to harm you.”

Saki spoke in a gentle tone as she focused all her body’s energy on the fingertips inside the nipples.

“Ohhhh! Such warmth… Something warm is entering my breasts from your fingers.”

“I am converting my energy into a spiritual body and sending it into you. Once the divine energy solidifies – by which I mean, takes physical form – you must focus your mind very strongly on what you felt when searching inside my breasts. Focus on the mammary glands…on the organ that creates milk…!”

The girl had partially entered a trance while she gathered a spiritual body, gave it ectoplasmic form, and sent it into the Sex Fluid Butterfly’s breasts. She also used her thumbs to draw a curse around the areolae. She used her own milk instead of ink.

“If I focus…if I wish hard enough, it will come true?”

“You are a god. Believe in something enough and it is sure to come true. Now, to transform these weighty breasts into an eternal spring of breast milk! Begin the curse breaking ceremony!”

Saki took in a deep breath and let out a loud, clear chord.

The Sex Fluid Butterfly raised her own voice to match it. The caterpillar babies crying within the curse also opened their tiny mouths to produce their own soul-shaking chords.

(The God-Binding Voice… This high-level spell harmonizes your spiritual energy with that of a god and soothes their spiritual body from the very base. Please let it work.)

The Curse Eater girl closed her eyes, looked up toward heaven, and produced an inhuman sound from her stretched throat while pouring spiritual energy into those giant breasts and drawing curses on the areolae.

Suddenly, pure-white milk erupted from the Sex Fluid God’s nipples.

When Saki pulled her fingers out, an unbelievable amount of breast milk sprayed out like a fountain and drew white arcs through the night sky.

“Ohh! Ohhhhhh! There it is! Milk…from my nipples! It’s really happening~!!”



While her own breast milk poured down on her like rain, the Sex Fluid Butterfly shouted for joy with the voices of several dozen women.

“Now, let them drink…”

At Saki’s suggestion, the Sex Goddess lovingly embraced the caterpillar-shaped Demigods crying within the curse and she gave them her nipples that dripped with milk.

“Ahhh, drink more, suck more! Yes, now my children will finally be-…ohhhhhh~!!”

While the Sex Fluid Butterfly joyously nursed the babies, spirits of mothers holding their baby to their chest were released from her one after another. Once those mother’s souls were freed from the curse, they were wrapped in white light and rose to heaven while their baby’s soul continued to suck at their nipples.

Once all the spirits had been released, all that remained was a fist-sized ball of light that glowed a light green as it floated in the air.

“The divine core… Come to me…”

Saki spoke quietly and the purified Sex God core was absorbed into her chest.



“Is it…over?”

Shinji slowly sat up and looked around now that things had quieted down.

“Yes, the God Entertainment ceremony is complete. Sorry about the trouble I caused you. I really am exhausted tonight, so how about we head home?”

Saki spoke in her usual tone while picking up her clothing from the ground and putting it on.

“I’m the worst…”

Shinji muttered in self-deprecation while still sitting on the fallen leaves.

“Don’t say that about yourself. You did fight the Sex God’s suggestion. Defying a god is not an easy thing to do.”

“That doesn’t make me feel much better. I may have avoided actually raping you, but I still did all that other awful stuff… No amount of punishment would ever be enough.”

The Curse Eater sighed as she looked down at the self-hating boy and she pulled a red pen from her pocket and spun it around.

“Can you not bear the pangs of conscience? In a way, that regret and guilt is a curse. If that would send your life off track, then purifying it is my job.”

The Curse Eater removed the red pen’s cap.



“Shinji, hey, Shinji!”

Iwakura Shinji awoke to Saki calling his name.

“Huh? B…boobs!?”

He blinked his eyes and looked up at the large breasts in front of his face and Saki looking down at him from behind them.

“The first thing you say after coming to is ‘boobs’? You really are a perv.”

The girl pushed the boy’s head off her lap and stood up with a bitter smile.

“What am I doing lying here?”

“You peered into the well and then collapsed. There was probably some kind of toxic gas coming from it,” explained Saki while brushing a fallen leaf off of her uniform’s skirt.

“I see… Then all of that was a dream?”

“Oh? If you were dreaming while resting your head on my lap, it must have been a wonderful dream indeed.”

The girl spoke in a jocular tone and a devilish smile appeared on her lips.

“Um…no, never mind,” he said. “Explaining would only make you feel bad, so I won’t.”

“Is that so? Then even if you are a perv, you must be a feminist deep down. Heh heh heh.”

The girl’s meaningful laughter put a complicated expression on the occult-obsessed boy’s face.



The next day, Saki and Yuka were in the small room used by the Urban Legend Research Club.

“Seriously!? Like for real? You’ll join my club? You aren’t joking or just screwing with me?”

The boy shouted in excitement when the two cute girls visited.

“Yes. Yuka and I will join. You should be thankful.”

The transfer student girl spoke in a condescending way while waving a club entrance form.

“Thank you so much. Now I probably won’t be kicked out of this room. Let’s go solve all sorts of mysteries together!”

Shinji was utterly elated, but then the club room’s door slid forcefully open behind him.

“Iwakura Shinji-kun! We need to talk!”

The person striking an imposing stance in the doorway was Student Council President Inagami Ayuko.

“Ayu-nee, why are you here?”

“Don’t call me that! I heard the Student Council’s Secretary was forced to join the Urban Legend Research Club, so I came here to get to the bottom of it!”

Ayuko raised her voice while glaring at her childhood friend through the lenses of her trademark glasses.

“U-um, President, I wasn’t forced. I want to join this club. I will of course still do all my Student Council work.”

Yukimura Yuka, the girl who also worked as the Student Council Secretary, hesitantly spoke up and gently squeezed Saki’s hand.

The truth was, Yuka had no interest in urban legends.

She only wanted to be with her lover as much as possible and Saki was joining the club.

“Really? You really weren’t forced? And you, transfer student. Tokiwagi-san, was it? You weren’t forced to join either, were you?”

The President turned toward Saki and asked her question while somewhat distracted by the way the girl tightly held Yuka’s hand.

“I was not. I was already interested in urban legends. Although I wouldn’t call myself a hobbyist…”

She grinned and added “because I am a pro” in her heart.

“I see… Then I will occasionally visit this room to monitor you all. So, Iwakura Shinji-kun, do not try any funny business!”

The President pushed up her glasses and spoke to the only boy in the club in a way that told him not to talk back to her.

“Wh-what do you mean funny business!?”

“Sexual harassment, hidden cameras, groping, and messy dirty orgies?”

Saki’s suggestions stiffened everyone else’s expressions.

“W-wait, Tokiwagi-san! A girl like you really shouldn’t say such indecent things.”

Ayuko apparently had no resistance to dirty jokes because she blushed out to her ears and cautioned the girl.

“That’s right, Saki-san! You should only…do that stuff with me.”

Yuka spoke up in embarrassment and squeezed Saki’s hand even tighter.

Saki smiled bitterly at the powerful message of “I won’t let you cheat on me!” she felt in that hand.

“I would never do any of that stuff! If you doubt me, Ayu-nee, then you join the club too!”

In order to rid the room of the awkwardness introduced by Saki’s comment, the urban legend boy desperately spoke up.

“No, thank you! I will only act as an observer who monitors the club to ensure your actions remain wholesome. Got that?”

“No complaints here. This just introduces the possibility of a foursome…heh heh heh.”

The frank transfer student’s mischievous comment froze the room’s atmosphere once more.

And thus, the Urban Legend Research Club began activities with three members and one observer.