Curse Eater: Fifth Seal - Sex School Festival
“Nh, ah, ah, ahhh, nh, ahh.”

A girl’s sweet and damp moans echoed through an unlit room.

“Hee hee. Saki-san, your back is sensitive, isn’t it? Then I’ll have to keep licking it.”

Yuka’s expression melted as she ran her tongue along Saki’s back while the second girl lay face down on the bed. She also rubbed her hands all over that artistically fit body to supply further pleasure.

“Hwah, Y-Yuka, you’ve gotten really good at this. Ahhhn, nh, khhhh!”

The Curse Eater girl accepted her lesbian lover’s delicate but passionate caress and moaned sexually in the bed.

“I’m glad, Saki-san. Please feel lots, lots more pleasure. Nh, kiss, lick, ah, you’re so smooth and you smell so nice. I can tell how much you’re enjoying this.”

Yuka had reversed her usual position and taken the dominant role, so she devoted herself to caressing her lover’s nudity which was flushed and melted with pleasure. When she sucked at the girl’s nape and reached below her arms to pinch and roll around her nipples, Saki’s pleasure passed the boiling point.

“Ah, ahhhh, yes, I’m cumming! Khhhhhh!”

Saki cried out, her back arched, and she tensed up.

Her glistening back drew a seductive curve and her giant breasts shook with pleasure while Yuka’s fingers continued to pinch the nipples. Her nude body remained nearly paralyzed for a dozen or so seconds before she collapsed limply onto the bed.

“Saki-san, this means I win today.”

Yuka kissed Saki’s shoulder as that other girl moaned in the afterglow of orgasm. Yuka had a sexual smile on her otherwise cute and adorable face.

“Pant, pant, pant. My body is so sensitive after taking in so many divine cores in a short period of time. It has also dulled my spiritual senses, so I’m just not in top form at the moment.”

That shrine maiden’s body could charm even gods and she currently spoke with a sweet and lethargic voice.

“You are okay, aren’t you?”

Yuka had once been the vessel for a Sex God, so she asked a somewhat worried question while using her hand to brush Saki’s black hair back into place.

“Yes, I am fine. My condition should settle down in a few days. Until then, I would like for you to go easy on me a little. …Oh, and it’s about time, isn’t it? I will see you back to your dorm.”

“Hee hee. I notice you aren’t saying no sex at all.”

Saki got up and wobbled a bit on her way to the shower room, so Yuka moved up alongside her like a puppy and supported her.

“I live off of pleasure. Cut off my supply and I would starve.”

It was unclear how serious the Curse Eater was being about that as she gently embraced her lesbian lover.



The next day, Saki and Yuka walked across the academy campus together.

During the day, the classes would be setting up their festival attractions. From the afternoon to the evening, everyone would celebrate the eve of the school festival, so the entire school was wrapped in a festive mood.

The festival’s eve celebration doubled as a practice run of the three-day festival, so the attractions and stands would be open for a short time to detect and fix any problems.

“Isn’t it odd to have a school festival in the spring?”

“Our academy is so fond of festivals they have two: one in the spring and one in the fall.”

Yuka answered Saki’s question while viewing the stands and attractions that were approaching completion.

“I see. Oh, are people outside the school helping with the setup?”

Some men and women in work jumpsuits could be seen working among the students, so Saki asked about it.

“An event company run by an academy alumnus helps with the electrical wiring and cooking equipment. It looks like there’s a lot more wiring than there was last year. I wonder if there will be a lot of lights.”

Yuka looked up at all the power cables running by overhead and cutely tilted her head.

“The more lighting the better at a festival. Come to think of it, our class is doing a maid café, right? Not exactly an original idea.”

“I was hoping to see you in a maid uniform, Saki-san, but they put you back in the kitchen area.”

Yuka sounded deeply disappointed.

“I’m not suited for waiting on customers. But I do like cooking, so I’ll make sure to work good and hard.”

After they entered their classroom, they were greeted by the girls in the class who had already changed into their maid uniforms. After preparing the ingredients needed for the festival’s eve celebration, the two girls left for the Urban Legend Research Club’s clubroom. Student Council President Ayuko and Iwakura Shinji, the club’s leader and only male member, were already inside the cramped room.

“Hi, you two. Mh, why do I sense an ominous aura?”

Shinji looked upset and remained silent while Ayuko crossed her arms and glared at him.

“Listen to this.” Ayuko complained like a housewife at the communal well. “He says he isn’t doing a presentation for the Urban Legend Research Club.”

“Weren’t you going to show off the photos of the ghost bus? Was there some kind of problem?”

Saki asked about it while remembering the ghost bus incident she and Shinji had experienced a few days before.

“Well, um, it is true I got some photos, but they were all blurry, they wouldn’t convince anyone of anything, and I couldn’t think of anything else to show off, so I’m not doing anything this time.”

“You just can’t commit to anything, can you? Can’t you show off some of what you’ve accomplished?”

The Student Council President was Shinji’s childhood friend and showed up in the clubroom in the name of monitoring their activities, but now she frowned and sighed.

“Um, your presentations are always really understandable, so can’t you use some past data to give a presentation on urban legends in general?”

Yuka made a hesitant suggestion in an attempt to lighten the heavy mood.

“No, he couldn’t do that. Shinji gets really nervous in front of crowds and starts stammering, so he could never give a proper presentation.”

The President knew enough of the boy’s past to bluntly nix that idea.

“You really are useless in every way, aren’t you?”

Saki had been a bit bothered by Shinji’s awkwardness around her since that incident, but she teased him the same as she always had.

“I feel really bad since I had you come investigate it with me, so I’m sorry.”

The urban legend boy could only bow in apology.

“Sigh~ You’re hopeless. Okay, Yukimura-san and I have to leave for a bit. We’re going to join the event company’s people to check the safety of the different attractions.”

Ayuko sighed again, pushed back her chair, and stood up.

“Yes, I will be accompanying the President.”

Yuka was the Student Council’s Secretary, so she smiled apologetically and prepared to leave too.

“Eh? You’re both going?”

Shinji looked a bit worried.

“Now, now. There’s nothing to be afraid of. I’m not going to attack you and have my way with you the instant we’re alone together. I’m not that desperate.”

Even when she forced the conversation in a sexual direction, the boy’s face only stiffened and he said nothing in response.

“Saki-san, I don’t think you should say such dirty things.”

Since the boy did not react, Yuka gave a jealous comment.

“If the club isn’t doing anything, how about you go help out your class?”

Ayuko made a suggestion while turning a suspicious look toward her childhood friend’s odd behavior.

“Yeah, that’s a good idea. After cleaning up the clubroom, I’ll head to my class.”

“See you later, Saki-san.”

The two Student Council members left, leaving only Shinji and Saki in the room.

“So you really aren’t going to show off the ghost bus photos?” asked the exorcist girl while listening to the departing footsteps.

“No, they remind me of too many unpleasant memories. I still haven’t figured out how I feel about everything that happened. Sorry.”

The boy lowered his head in an obviously depressed way.

“Why apologize to me? If what happened there is bothering you that much, I can always erase your memories, but you’re the one that keeps rejecting that idea.”

The curse-wielding girl crossed her arms in a way that accentuated her tits as she expressed her dissatisfaction. If he would just let her alter his memories with her curse techniques, he would not have to worry so much.

“I do feel bad for rejecting your offer, but I don’t want to run away from this by just erasing my memories. I need to face the truth and overcome this feeling.”

The boy quietly expressed his resolve even as his eyes were drawn to the breasts threatening to burst from Saki’s shirt.

“It sounds like you have the right idea, but seeing you agonize over this is honestly quite annoying.”

“Yeah, I think so too, but thanks to that incident, my values have been challenged in so many ways, I feel entirely powerless, and there’s just so much to think about.”

The boy hung his head with a self-deprecating smile on his timid face.

“I thought you were more carefree than this, but it turns out you’re quite sensitive. So take it from me: you are not at all powerless. You have a powerful body and mind!”

Saki stood from her chair and moved to Shinji’s side to make that forceful statement.

“Really? You’re not just trying to comfort me?”

“That is my assessment as an exorcist. That assessment also pegs you as a dyed-in-the-wool perv. Your eyes are just all over my tits. It almost tickles.”

The girl placed a mischievous smile on her tough but beautiful face.

“Ah! S-sorry! I didn’t mean to. It just kind of happened…ngmh!?”

When the boy blushed and apologized, Saki suddenly hugged his head to her chest.

Her voluminous breasts gently embraced his face while he tensed up in surprise.

“Shinji, don’t worry about it any longer. Stop looking down on yourself. If you keep on like this much longer, I’ll rewrite your memories whether you like it or not! Got that?”

“Ngh, o-ohay, nmh.”

The boy felt like he was living in a dream with his face surrounded by those warm and nice-smelling melons, but he managed to get out a muffled voice.

“As long as you understand. Did that cheer you up a little?”

Saki released him and poked his flushed and sweaty forehead.

“You really are extraordinary in a number of ways. O-oh, but I’m not talking about your boobs!”

Shinji quickly clarified, but he was cut off by the chime that introduced a schoolwide announcement.

“Attention all students and related individuals. At 3 PM, the Spring Kaihou Festival’s rehearsal will begin. I repeat…”

The announcement was given by a flat voice over the speaker.

“So the festival’s eve celebration is about to begin,” said Saki.

“Yeah. I guess I should go make an appearance at my class,” said Shinji.

He stood up while fixing his hair after the hug.

“What is your class doing?” she asked him. “If I have time, I might come by to tease you.”

“A haunted house. I played no part in the planning and I was only in charge of the sound effects.”

The urban legend boy answered her with an embarrassed smile.



“Now, time to capture the hearts of the student body with my super secret yakisoba recipe.”

Saki and Shinji parted ways at the school building’s entrance and Saki made her way to her classroom where everyone was busy preparing the maid café.

“It is now three o’clock. The spring festival rehearsal has officially begun.”

Just as that announcement arrived over the intercom and the festival lighting switched on, a bewitching stir ran through the atmosphere.

“…!? Wh-what is this strange spiritual energy?”

Saki’s face tensed when she felt a tingling of spiritual energy on her nape.

With the sound of cracking ice, the school grounds were divided into small areas by walls of light that glowed like an aurora.

“Were curse barriers set up along the paths of the new wiring!?”

Saki cautiously observed her surroundings, but the other students were panicking at this paranormal phenomenon.

“Eh? What? What is this!?”

As a girl looked tearfully around at the walls surrounding her, something like bluish-white smoke surrounded her shoulders.

“Ah, ah, uhh…”

She groaned, went limp, and collapsed to the stone pavement.

“That was a minor spirit!”

Saki’s face tensed even more when she realized what had knocked out that girl.

A minor spirit was a general term for spirits that had become empty shells after losing their sense of self and memories.

Curses could be used to give them simple instructions and have them possess people and corpses.

“Wahhh! It’s a face! It’s a ghost face!”

“Kyaaaaaah~!!”

Shouts and screams began rising from all across the barrier-divided campus.

Dozens and possibly hundreds of minor spirits descended from the domed ceiling of the primary barrier surrounding the entire campus and they knocked out the fleeing students one after another.

(It would take a powerful curse user to set up such a largescale barrier and control so many minor spirits. Are they after me? If so, why go this far?)

The Curse Eater shooed away a minor spirit in annoyance and searched for the curse user’s presence, but her spiritual sensing did not work well with all the barriers dividing everything up.

“Attention, Tokiwagi Saki-san from Year 2. Please return to your classroom immediately. I repeat, Tokiwagi Saki-san…”

The boy giving the schoolwide announcement sounded exactly the same as before.

(Is he the one that did this, or is he just a Broadcast Committee member possessed by a minor spirit? Either way, I have no choice but to obey.)

With the entire student body taken hostage and a labyrinth of barriers blocking the way, she could not do anything rash, so she continued back to her classroom as instructed.

“So the minor spirits got everyone here too. …Yuka!”

Saki’s expression clouded over when she entered the classroom.

Yuka sat in a chair beyond a translucent wall.

She still wore her uniform and her limp form was clearly unconscious.

“Do not worry. She is only sleeping. If you do as I say, I intend to keep this quite peaceful.”

The same boy’s voice arrived over the room’s intercom.

“You’ve ruined the pre-festival celebration everyone was looking forward to. How can you call that peaceful?”

The Curse Eater spat out the words while assessing the situation.

The students had clearly panicked as evidenced by the drinks and ice spilled on the classroom floor and the smoke rising from the yakisoba and okonomiyaki left atop the hot plates.

Almost all of her classmates were inside the classroom.

“Oh, Tokki’s here. Welcome back, master~♪”

The maid girls spoke the standard line as they approached.

They were likely being manipulated by minor spirits, but since they used Saki’s nickname, the manipulation must have been limited to distorting their perception. 

They were still conscious and capable of thinking for themselves, but the information they received was faulty.

“Yes, I am indeed here. Curse user, why not target me personally instead of bothering with such a roundabout trap? Are you an incompetent coward who has to rely on cheap tricks!?”

The Curse Eater provoked the mysterious curse user with a defiant tone.

“Please do not treat this like anything as uncivilized as a fight. This is a game. So please enjoy the attraction.”

“You are a spirit of the dead, aren’t you? There is no life in your voice. So are you a servant speaking on your master’s behalf?”

The exorcist determined the speaker’s identity from the faint waves contained in the voice.

“Close but no cigar. Now, let us begin the first stage of the game.”

The boy’s voice ignored her provocation and announced the beginning of the game.

“You want me to change into this and lie on the table?”

Her manipulated classmates held out a brand new maid uniform.

“Fine then. I will play along with your ugly sideshow.”

With no hint of embarrassment, she stripped off her uniform so she wore only her panties and the leather bondage belts. Then she changed into the maid uniform.

“I can’t help but notice this is a different design from everyone else’s. This is more of a sex maid than anything.”

Saki smiled bitterly when she checked how she looked.

The skirt was far shorter than the maid costumes worn by the other girls. Her thighs were almost fully exposed and her panties would be visible if she leaned over in the slightest. The apron was made so the chest portion could be removed to bare her breasts while keeping the rest of the costume intact. There was nothing to cover her stomach, so her tight belly and shapely navel were exposed.

“Is that good enough for you?”

Once she lay face up on a long table with a table cloth over it, around a dozen of her male classmates gathered around the sex maid girl.

“Boobs, milk. I want milk. I want to suck your nipples.”

The boys were clearly under the influence of the minor spirits, so they approached while reaching their hands for the giant breasts pushing out the chest of the apron.

“We’ve got our first order! Tokki’s breast milk~♪”

The maid girls did not even question this lewd order.

“The minor spirits possessing the boys desire breast milk,” explained the boy’s voice over the intercom. “If you wish for Yukimura Yuka-san to be released, then you must satisfy them all within 30 minutes. Ready…go!”

“You just want me to use the power of the Sex Fluid Butterfly sealed within my boobs, don’t you?”

She glared at the speaker on the wall, but the voice did not answer.

“Hurry, I need to suck on your boobs. I’m so thirsty. I need milk.”

The minor spirits filled the boys with an extreme thirst for breast milk, so they approached with desperate, wide-eyed looks.

“No need to push. I will quench your thirst and send you to heaven.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden showed no sign of fear as she pulled up the chest of the maid uniform and slid aside the exorcist outfit’s belts covering her breasts.

The twin bowl shapes of her large bust bounced out into view and the pink nipples were exposed to the milk-starved boys.

“Me…me first. Wow, your boobs are so big and look so tasty.”

The possessed boys stared at her superb tits with desire shining in their eyes and moved their faces toward their classmate’s nipples. The girl in the revealing maid costume trembled a bit when their damp and heated breaths tickled the sensitive skin of her breasts.

(My body is far too sensitive right now. Will I be able to maintain control of myself while producing breast milk?)

Saki frowned worriedly as the starving boys’ lips approached her nipples.

“Ahh, they smell so good.”

One pair of lips began sucking at the tip of one of her giant tits.

“Nh! Hyah! Can’t you suck more gently!?”

Saki’s beautiful face twisted as the boy’s desire led him to roughly suck at her puffy areola and nipple.

(Is this how boys do it? It feels nothing like Yuka’s soft and gentle lips.)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden tensed her body to bear with the forceful sucking of her nipple. Another boy began sucking at the other nipple while snuffling like a starving dog.

The stubble around the boy’s mouth tickled her sensitive breast and made it impossible to ignore that this was a boy at her nipple.

Her nipples grew erect and more sensitive in the boys’ mouths. They were now the size of her little finger’s tip.

“Kh, nhh! H-hey! Don’t bite! Hee! Khhh!”

After sensing her nipples’ reaction to the stimulation, the boys licked at them and lightly bit them while continuing to suck at them, but not a drop of milk came out.

“Milk! Give me milk! Your nipple is good and hard, so give me milk!”

The boy released the nipple that refused to provide him nourishment no matter how much he sucked and he instead dug his hands into the weighty breast to massage out the milk.

“Not so rough! I’ll lose my focus! Ahhhhn!”

As the boys’ fingers dug mercilessly into her sensitive melons, the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden’s noble features twisted and she moaned, but the thirsty boys only continued to suck at the erect nipples and roughly massage the weighty breasts.

“Oh, what’s this? If you do not produce some milk soon, you will run out of time.”

The boy’s voice from the speaker filled her with impatience.

“Kh, I know that! Ah, ahhh, but licking me there isn’t going to make it come out!”

They licked all over her nipples like they were delicious candies and she released a sweet cry at the tingling pleasure that filled her boobs.

“You look so hot right now, Tokki. Are you feeling horny? This is putting me in a pretty naughty mood myself, so how about we kiss?”

The sociable girl who had declared herself the class’s “party leader” leaned over in her maid costume to suck at Saki’s lips.

Her warm and soft tongue slipped through Saki’s moaning lips and passionately stirred up her mouth.

The female saliva that entered her mouth tasted and smelled different from Yuka’s and the girl’s tongue brought fresh pleasure when it captured Saki’s tongue.

“Nhhh! Nh! Nnnn!”

The exorcist girl’s body writhed obscenely within the sex maid costume as another girl made out with her and two boys from her class sucked at her nipples.

“Saki-san? How could you have sex with someone other than me!?”

A girl’s trembling voice brought Saki back to her senses. Yuka had come to, there were tears welling up in her large round eyes, and her face was tense as she watched what was happening.

“Yuka!? That isn’t what this is! This is the God Enter-…nmhhhn!”

Saki tried to explain, but her mouth was sealed by another passionate kiss.

(Oh, right. Yuka was asleep, so she wouldn’t know what is happening. I need to explain to her later. Nn! This girl really knows how to kiss.)

Saki was unsure what to do because she could not speak with her classmate’s tongue in her mouth.

“Hot and sexy Tokki belongs to all of us, so you’ll have to wait your turn, Class Rep. God, your body looks tasty. I’ll give you lots and lots of pleasure.”

The girls of their class gathered around Saki with desire in their damp voices. Those lust-driven girls began caressing the superb body contained in the sex maid costume.

“I never noticed how big your boobs are, Tokki. Ha ha. They’re squishy like marshmallows. Oh, touching them was enough to get me wet.”

While the boys sucked and tormented her nipples, the delicate touch of fellow girls’ fingers massaged her massive tits. The girls took turns sealing her moaning lips with passionate kisses and forced her to share their saliva.

“Ah! Ahh, nhh, nh, kiss, slurp.”

Her aroused classmates’ tongues stirred up her mouth and intermittent moans escaped her lips while the girls’ kisses rained down across her entire body. Their heated and damp lips and soft tongues touched and licked her exposed belly and her thighs which she was rubbing together longingly. When a tongue tip entered her navel, her innocent womb tingled with bewitching pleasure.

The sound of them sucking her soft skin only increased Saki’s intermittent moans and the sound of the boys sucking her nipples joined it to fill the classroom with a sexual harmony.

(Ahhh, I can feel the pressure building in my breasts. And my nipples are throbbing! The milk is coming!)

The girls’ delicate but thorough caresses must have worked because her tits trembled with the pleasure of milk production for the first time since the Sex Fluid Butterfly incident and a sweet longing filled them from within.

“Ahhhhn! My milk, ahhhh, my milk is coming out!”

The sex maid brushed off the lesbian kisses, cried out, and arched her back to jut out her breasts which trembled to tell her the milk was coming.

The sweet warm nutrient fluid surged out into the mouths of the boys sucking her nipples.

“Nhhhh! Gulp, gulp, slurp, suck, gulp, gulp, gulp.”

The boys groaned with joy as they sucked up all the milk erupting from their classmate’s breasts and swallowed all of that sweet nectar that quenched their thirst.

“Ahhh, ahhh, it just keeps coming, khhhhhh!”

“Ha ha, Tokki, You’re really producing milk. It looks like you’re enjoying it, so we’ll help squeeze it out.”

While Saki writhed from the milk pleasure that seemed to melt the core of her breasts, her classmates continued their caress so she would produce even more.

Their slender fingers stroked the breasts from base to tip, gently massaged the tense flesh, and provided further stimulation to the activated mammary glands.

“Gulp, gulp, gulp! Pwahhhh~ Burp. That’s what I needed.”

After gulping down the breast milk, the boys released a satisfied sigh before a bluish-white smoke left them and dissolved into the air.

Now that they were freed from the minor spirits, they passed out and collapsed to the floor.

“Ah, ahhh.”

Saki moaned sweetly as the glistening erect nipples at the tip of her breasts twitched and squirted out some pure white milk.

“Okay, next guests please.”

The maid girls gestured over at the boys waiting their turn.

“I managed to produce the milk, but it feels way too good. Hyaaaahn!”

Before she could catch her breath, new lips latched onto her erect nipples and started sucking while roughly groping the milk-filled breasts. The milking pleasure that shot through her nipples was so great she felt faint, but the exorcist girl actually reached out and pulled the boys’ heads toward her boobs.

Now that the milk had started flowing, it surged out endlessly while her nipples throbbed with meltingly-powerful pleasure. She managed to quench the boys’ thirst one after another.

“Pant, pant, pant, pant. Nh, ah, ahhh. Is that all of them?”

Once the last boy was freed from the minor spirit and fell asleep, a look of relief filled Saki’s face even as she moaned from the pleasure of her tits which were glistening with saliva and milk. But then the girls surrounded her with flushed faces.

“Tokki, you’ll let us drink your milk too, right? Of course, we’ll be drinking it even if you don’t let us.”

Before she could say anything, soft lips began sucking at her nipples.

“Hyah! A-all of you too? Ahhh, nn, my milk!”

Instead of simply sucking to satisfy their own desire, the girls sucked gently in a way meant to provide pleasure, so the milk erupted out with even more pleasure than before.

“Pwahh, delicious. Have you ever tried your own milk, Tokki? Here, I’ll share some with you.”

The party leader girl sucked at the nipple again to fill her mouth with milk before transferring it to Saki’s mouth.

“Nmh! Nh, gulp, gulp, ah.”

When the warm, thick, and sweet milk flowed into her mouth, Saki’s body instinctually swallowed it to wet her throat after so much moaning.

(So this is what my own milk tastes like. It’s sweet and has a nice fragrance.)

Intoxicated by the unique flavor and fragrance of her own milk, the Curse Eater sucked at her classmate’s lips to greedily consume the rest of the milk.

“Nh, slurp, kiss. Ha ha. See, Tokki? Isn’t your milk great?”

“Nh, ahh, it is…”

She obediently answered that question which was asked in such a sexual way.

“Then I’ll share some with you now. Nmh, kiss.”

Another girl shared the milk with a kiss.

The girl enjoyed the pleasure of the lesbian kiss even after Saki had swallowed all the milk in her mouth. She stuck her milk-soaked tongue between Saki’s lips and stirred up the shrine maiden’s mouth.

“C’mon, give me a turn kissing Tokiwagi-san. Well, I can drink a bunch of her milk while I wait!”

While the other girls watched their classmate make out with their other classmate, they took turns sucking Saki’s nipples and happily drank the milk that surged out.



“Pant, pant, pant, pant. Ugh, kh, i-is it finally…over?”

Saki lay on the desk while blushing and moaning from the lingering pleasure filling her with a sweet tingling. Her classmates lay in piles around her after the minor spirits released them and they passed out.

“Well done. You quenched their thirst within the time limit. As promised, I will return the hostage. That leaves two more waiting to be rescued.”

The barrier surrounding Yuka vanished.

“Saki-saaaaaan!”

Now that she was free, Yuka tearfully leaped into Saki’s chest.

“Don’t cry. This is nothing for me. I was trained for this kind of thing.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden rubbed the sobbing girl’s hair and soothed her with a jocular tone. But the tips of her breasts were still erect and dripping with white milk.

“Who is behind this awful thing?” asked Yuka with a worried look to her collapsed classmates.

“A curse user who wants the divine cores sealed in my body. Sorry they got you involved. Based on what they said, Shinji and Salty must have been captured too. I need to rescue them!”

Saki covered her throbbing and heated nipples with the dark red leather belts, forced her exhausted body to get moving, and tensed her clever face.

“R-right. Um, are they going to make you do more, uh, sexual things?”

Saki frowned and nodded at the worried girl’s question.

“Most likely. They want to force me to use the power of my Sex Gods to wear me out and weaken my link with them. Hey, familiar! Can I head there dressed like this?”

Saki got down from the desk with Yuka’s help and asked a question of the speaker near the ceiling.

“You can. In fact, I recommend attempting the rest of the challenges in the nude.”

The almost innocent-sounding boy’s voice did not hesitate to answer.

“Fine, then. Nude isn’t happening, but I can give you the next best thing.”

The exorcist girl smiled bitterly and stripped off her sex maid costume to reveal her superb body bound by the dark red leather belts. Those flexible strips of leather were only a few centimeters wide. They dug into her labia and butt crack and just barely covered her nipples, but that made her youthful and curvy body look far more provocative than it would have in the nude.

“Thank you for listening to my advice. Now, please follow the path prepared for you.”

A path opened through the barriers dividing up the hallway.

“This leads to Shinji’s class, doesn’t it?”

“They were doing a haunted house, weren’t they?”

Yuka looked worried as she followed after Saki.

The corner classroom at the very start of the hall used gravestones and gnarled trees made from cardboard boxes and styrofoam to give its entrance a creepy appearance.

When they pushed open the dark curtain hanging over the entrance and entered the room, they found some bizarre monsters waiting in what looked like a dead graveyard.

“Kyah! Those are costumes…aren’t they?”

“They probably were originally, but that appears to have changed. That said, they really went for the clichés, didn’t they?”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden showed no fear of the monsters facing her.

The two standing in front of her were colored a copper red and a dark blue. Their muscular bodies were only covered by scraps worn as loincloths. But the most bizarre part of all was their heads.

The red one had a horse’s head and the blue one had a bull’s head.

Those beastman guards of hell stared at Saki with animal lust shining in their eyes and their restless breathing was accompanied by milky drool dripping from their mouths.

Also, the scraps of cloth wrapped around their waists were pushed out of the way by massive members with a length and girth befitting their animal heads. The shape was identical to a human penis, but the color and size made them look more grotesque.

Behind the bull-head and horse-head were a wolfman with animal fur covering his body, a mummy with filthy bandages wrapped all around him, and a few zombies.

Shinji was captured back behind all the monsters.

The urban legend boy sat in a chair and appeared to be paralyzed, but his face stiffened when he saw Saki in her leather bondage outfit.

“Shinji! Can you hear me? I’ll save you!”

He clearly tried to nod and shouted something, but she could not hear him at all.

“A one-way sound barrier? This curse user knows what they’re doing.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden grew more wary of this unseen opponent’s ability and resolutely confronted the group of monsters.

“This is your second trial. The boys dressed up as monsters have been possessed by spirits and surrounded by ectoplasm to transform them. There is only one way to return them to normal: pleasure their penises to ejaculation!”

“I had a feeling it would come to that. Sigh.”

Saki sighed quietly, but Yuka trembled behind her.

“Please don’t do that, Saki-san! Isn’t there some other way?”

“Given how largescale the curse barriers are, I have no idea what would happen if I tried to force my way through. Yuka, let me do this in my own way.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden gently pushed the pleading girl back, took a step forward, and faced the monsters.

“One warning,” said the boy on the intercom. “Maintaining that form is constantly draining the boys’ life energy. Take too long and it could harm them physically or mentally.”

“Thanks for the warning. Your master really knows how to come up with the worst attractions. I don’t feel like doing you one at a time, so I’ll send you all to heaven at once. Come!”

Saki kneeled on the floor and invited over the rape monsters with an alluring smile.

“Vmoo! Pleasure my cock with that sexy body of yours!”

The monster bull approached her with heavy breathing and a bull-sized penis standing erect, but a small hand reached over and grabbed one of the horns on his head.

“H-hey, Yuka. What are you doing?”

“Get…get away from my Saki-san~!!”

The small girl used a single arm to throw the bull-head which had to be several times her weight.

“Vmoooooo~!?”

The bull-head flew through the air with a very bullish cry, crashed into the horse-head behind him, and knocked over some cardboard box gravestones.

“Stay back! I won’t let you do anything indecent to Saki-san!”

Yuka shouted in anger after demonstrating inhuman strength.

“That’s enough! Please leave this to me!”

“No! I can’t just watch while you’re defiled!”

An aurora-like wall appeared around Yuka while she cried and raged.

“!!!!!”

Trapped, she shouted something and pounded on the barrier wall, but it did not budge and Saki could not hear anything she said.

“I apologize, but I must ask you to refrain from any further violence,” said the boy’s voice that was running the game and monitoring Saki.

“Accurately walling off a specific target is some impressive barrier control. …Sorry, Yuka, but wait here. I really am fine.”

She spoke gently and moved her face toward the barrier. Yuka realized what this meant, so she shut her eyes and did the same.

The two girls kissed through the solid barrier and spent around thirty seconds sharing their feelings like that. Eventually, Saki slowly removed her lips and faced the monsters once more.

“Now, please begin the second trial for real this time.”

“A horse and a bull / an orgy with monster men / hell is for fucking.”

After composing a lewd haiku, Saki kneeled down and began rubbing the animal cocks while aware of Yuka and Shinji’s eyes on her. Those monstrous pillars of flesh were too thick to fit the fingers of one hand around. When she touched them, they twitched and grew fully erect.

(Kh, they’re so hot. And so very, very erect. They’re enormous!)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden used the skills she had trained in to supply pleasure to the giant cocks. Her slender white fingers stroked up their brutal size, rubbed the fist-sized heads, and gently traced along the very tip which was already wet with precum.

“Bmooo! Bhrrrr!”

The muscular bull-head and horse-head cried out in pleasure, grew even harder, and trembled in joy.

“Don’t you dare forget us!”

With a muffled voice, the wolfman, mummy, and zombies approached with their monster penises twitching. The possessing spirits giving them their monstrous forms also gave them monstrous penises.

The wolfman’s was covered in fur except for the head, making it look like a brush made of flesh. The mummy’s was wrapped in bandages. The two zombies had the discolored dicks of the living dead.

“Now that’s a tasty looking body. Such white skin and such a nice scent. Not often you see a bitch with such a hot body.”

The wolfman mocked Saki while rubbing his furry rod against her white back and sticking out his long tongue to lick her ears and nape.

“Khh, I don’t want a dog like you calling me a bitch!”

While she snapped back, the zombies approached her weighty breasts and pressed their cold, discolored erections against them. Those penises of the dead rubbed against and squished her breasts which were still throbbing from producing so much milk. They also rubbed at the shrine maiden’s armpits.

The mummy reached out an awkward hand, grabbed her glossy black hair, wrapped the hair around his bandaged penis, and began masturbating through it.

“Be patient. I’ll do the rest of you soon enough, so just wait your turn!”

Saki continued her handjob of the bull-head and horse-head even as the other monsters tormented her body as they saw fit. She wrapped her fingers around the head, used her nails to scratch gently at the frenulum, and boldly rubbed up and down from the base to the tip.

“Bhrrrrr! How do you like my horse cock?”

The horse-head snorted happily, looked down at Saki, and asked her a triumphant question.

“It’s big all right, but size isn’t everything. Now I’ll make you cum soon enough, so be quiet!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden spoke with a boldness unlike someone being forced to provide a sexual service and she continued caressing the abnormally large erection with her skilled fingertips.

“You act defiant, but you clearly know your way around a cock. Bhoo! You’re really a cock-loving slut, aren’t you?”

The horse-head beastman continued the verbal abuse while she pleasured his enormous penis.

She gave no response and simply continued the handjobs in silence.

The classroom echoed with the bestial moans and the lewd sound of her fingers stirring up all the precum flowing in response to the stimulation.

As her chilly and smooth fingers stroked their shafts and attacked the sensitive heads with delicate technique, the bull-head and horse-head’s cocks began to tremble.

(Are they cumming!? I wonder how much cum it will be.)

While preparing herself for the semen about to come her way, Saki pleasured the extra-thick red and blue monster dicks with rapid strokes.

“Gmooooo! I hope you’re ready for some monster bukkake!”

The two monsters cried out like an actual bull and horse, grabbed her shoulders so she could not escape, thrust out their bull and horse sized penises and started ejaculating.

The stream of bestial semen splattered right in Saki’s face.

“Nhh! Khhh! Ugh, there’s so much, nmhhhh!”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden groaned from all the hot milkiness covering her face. Before long, her face and body were soaked with the extremely sticky cum. The strong-smelling male fluid clung to the curves of her superb body and thickly dripped down the bodylines exposed by the leather belts of her exorcist outfit.

After the bull-head and horse-head finished trembling in pleasure and ejaculating, their bodies burst with the sound of popping balloons and two boys collapsed onto the floor.

The unconscious boys wore costumes made from track suits. Their exposed penises had returned to their normal sizes, but they were still twitching and dripping with semen.

“That’s two down…ugh!”

Saki grimaced at the thick cum scent rising from her body, but then a penis wrapped in bandages was thrust before her. It was not as thick as the previous two, but it was nearly 30cm long and looked somehow unhealthy.

“Uraaaa! Suck my dick!”

“When it’s wrapped in bandages!? I’d rather not! Nghhh!? Cough, cough!”

The mummy pushed his bandaged penis against her lips and shoved it down her throat. Her cum-soaked but still dignified face twisted at the unwanted intrusion.

“Ahhh, your mouth pussy is so wet and warm.”

“Gh, ngh, nh, ghhh, cough!”

The girl coughed and choked with the penis assaulting the entrance of her esophagus, but the mummy kept thrusting his hips to fuck her warm and wet mouth.

As he thrust in and out with long strokes, the bandages rubbed at her throat and the head fit neatly in the entrance of her esophagus. The bulge of the monster penis could be clearly seen moving in and out of her slender throat.

“Ngh! Cough, gh, nhhh, cough, ghhh, nh!”

The violation of her throat produced an embarrassing sound while frothy saliva spilled from her lips, trailed down her throat, and dripped onto the curves of her tits.

(Gh! Wh-what? His dick is growing. My throat’s going to split open!)

As the dried penis within the bandages absorbed the shrine maiden’s pure-smelling saliva, it gained the girth it had lacked. It pushed out her throat from within, causing her superb body to shake with a sense of asphyxiation.

“Ki shi shi shi! Your saliva has resurrected my dried cock!”

With a wet popping sound, the mummy pulled his erection out from Saki’s mouth and showed off his penis now that it had absorbed so much moisture. The intense throat-fucking had removed the bandages, revealing it to be an even darker color than the zombies’. Thick precum was leaking from the tip.

“Kh. That huge thing was in my…nh! Nghhh!”

Before she could say more, the giant mass of flesh was shoved right back down her throat.

“Awoo! I’m gonna fuck you too! I’m gonna fuck you so hard, you bitch!”

Turned on by the sight of Saki being throat-fucked, the wolfman wrapped his arms around her cum-soaked body from behind and rubbed his furry erection against her crotch. He began thigh fucking her hard enough for her leather-bound breasts to produce afterimages as they bounced.

“Nghhh! Nwohhh, nmhhhn!”

The lust-crazed wolfman shook the girl’s naked body with his bestial strength and rubbed his brush-like beast cock against her. Her pubis strained from the pressure and the thin piece of leather defending her vagina was pushed deep into her by his furry penis.

The sounds of friction and of straining leather filled the air as the wolf penis rubbed against her hairless slit.

The leather was wedged so far between her labia that it looked like a single string, her erect clitoris produced a small bulge at the top, and the clit trembled as the wolf penis head rubbed against it.

(My exorcist outfit is working its way into my pussy. And my pubis feels like it’s going to break!)

“Grrrr, I’m just getting started!”

The trembling of her body excited the wolfman’s wild blood as he thrust his hips to rub his brush-like penis against her.

“Nghhh! Agh, gh! Cough! Gmh, nhhnnn~!”

The stimulation was too strong to feel any real pleasure from it, so her cum-stained face distorted in protest.

His violent thrusting showed no concern for her body and it was only thanks to her training for the God-Entertainment that she could endure the continued rubbing of her vulva.

She needed to have the other monsters ejaculate too, but she did not have freedom to move with the suffocation of the throat fucking and the hard rubbing of her pussy.

“Give handjob! Massage balls!”

One of the zombies spoke in broken sentences while forcing the Curse Eater to hold and rub his dark blue pillar of flesh.

“Cough, gh, ghhhh, ahh, nh, cough, nmh.”

Her trembling fingers caressed the living dead erection even as she received the simultaneous throat and thigh fucking. As she rubbed the thick precum across the shaft and gently massaged the large, swollen balls, a rotting scent grew stronger.

(Is their cum rotting? If I got a face full of that…)

Saki’s face clouded over as she felt all the thick, rotting fluid contained in the balls.

“I’m gonna fuck these giant tits!”

A more coherent zombie stuck his giant, bluish-purple cock between her breasts and began fucking them. His dead penis was as cold as ice as it rubbed between her warm and soft melons. His stiff fingers roughly groped her tits and pinched the nipples showing through the thin leather.

“Kh, not there, khh, nh, nh, nh, ahhhh!”

The stimulation to her nipples caused milk to seep out and loosen the tension of the leather belts.

“Ohhh, let me see those nipples!”

When the zombie noticed the loosened exorcist outfit, he slid aside that last defense and exposed her nipples.

Her nipples had been throbbing and begging to be touched ever since the milking trial in the maid café. They were glistening with milk when they popped out from below the leather. With this perfect target, the living dead rubbed and rolled around the bright pink erect nipples between his thumb and forefinger.

“Khah! Nh, hh, ohhhhh! My milk!”

Saki let out a sweet but tense cry as her nipples throbbed like tiny penises and erupted with pure white milk.

“Gee hee hee. I thought you were a horny bitch, but it looks like you were actually a milk cow.”

The mummy’s laughter sounded like the creaking of dry branches. He sped up his hips as he thrusted into her throat, pinched and massaged her squirting nipples, and rubbed the especially sensitive tips with his bandage-wrapped fingers. The way the rough bandages rubbed against the erect nipples caused them to continue to erupt with milk which soaked all of his bandages.

“Grr. This bitch loves getting gangbanged by monsters!”

Delighted in her response to their actions, the wolfman licked his lips and sped up his hips even further.

Her erect clitoris was squeezed between the wolf penis and her pubis and the wolfman’s furry lower stomach slapped against Saki’s round white ass.

He was not actually penetrating her vagina, but anyone who stumbled upon the scene would think they were seeing full-on werewolf bestiality.

“Awoo! I’ll lick this nipple.”

The wolfman continued the thigh fucking while sticking out his long tongue to lick one of the nipples on the other side of her body.

“Hyah! Nh, nhh, khhhhn!”

A sweet tremor quickly filled the erect nipple and it erupted with warm milk to quench the rape monster’s thirst. Her pussy was also flooded with warm love juices which soaked the furry weapon he continued to rub against her.

“Oraaaa! I want to fuck her too!”

One of the zombies stuck his zombie dick into her tights and thrust in and out. While the erection rubbed between her thin leather costume and her smooth thigh, pus-thick precum flowed out and produced an obscenely sexual sound.

An indecently wet rubbing sound also came from her crotch.

The leather there had soaked up so much of her love juices that it might as well have not been there. It peeled back, twisted, and tugged with the movement of the furry penis, so it began rubbing against the erect clitoris it was meant to protect.

“Her pussy is twitching. The masochistic bitch loves it when you hurt her.”

While attacking her with his words, the wolfman grinded his hips against her and kneaded her entire vulva with his penis. The constant friction had left her labia swollen, red, and glistening with male and female fluids.

“Khhhh! Nhh, ah, gh. Ughhh, nh, nh, nh!”

Sweet nasal moans escaped from deep in the throat being penetrated by the erection that had grown harder and thicker after soaking up her saliva. Her bondage body trembled from the pleasure of the violation.

(I sense an angry gaze. Shinji is seeing this happen to me. Dammit! Why does that bother me so much? And why just with him!? Why does it make me so sad?)

Saki was confused by some unexplainable feelings as the monsters tormented her. Before they could clear up the awkwardness between them after the ghost bus incident, he had to see an even worse scene, so pleasuring and being violated by these bizarre penises filled her with frustration and sadness.

(For now, I have to bear with whatever humiliation might come. This will all end as long as I can get them to cum. That is my duty as a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden.)

In order to end the rape scene playing out in front of her friends, she endured the rising pleasure and humiliation in order to focus on pleasuring the monsters.

“Nh, nmh, slurp, suck. Ah, ahm, nhhh, suck, gh, slurp, slurp, slurp.”

She squeezed her thighs together to increase the frictional pleasure on the wolfman’s erection. She also sucked on the penis in her throat and used her teeth to delicately stimulate the shaft.

(I will end this as soon as possible!)

Feeling impatient, she grabbed a zombie penis in each hand and used quick strokes that focused on the heads to pleasure the living dead.

“Yes, just like that, you horny bitch! More, more! Pleasure our monster cocks!”

The monsters increased their rough caresses as well to send even more pleasure into Saki’s sensitive body.

They pinched and twisted her milk-leaking nipples, dug their fingers deep into her jiggling breasts, and groped them roughly enough to leave marks.

“Kh! Nhhh, ahhh, nhhh~!”

“You bitch! Don’t think I can’t tell how wet your pussy is. You’re about to cum, aren’t you? Just give in and let my cock take you to paradise!”

Her pussy was already about to admit defeat when he began attacking the erect clitoris with the giant penis head to provide sharp and tingling feminine pleasure.

The lewd sound echoed throughout the classroom while sweet and sour love juices sprayed out and he continually tormented her vulva.

(Kh, I can’t resist it any longer. I’m going to cum! These monsters are going to bring me to orgasm while Shinji and Yuka watch!)

The rubbing of her nipples, the inside of her throat, and her erect clit through only a thin layer of leather sent an irresistible wave of pleasure through the exorcist girl’s body.

“Ahhhh! N-no, hgh, nhhh, I’m cumming, I’m cumming! Ahhhh, khaaaaaaaaaaaah~!”



Saki released a sensual cry of climax from the same throat swallowing a mummy cock and her body shook from the ecstasy rising within her.

Tons of love juices dripped from between the labia the leather belt was wedged between and her extremely erect nipples sprayed pure white milk like fountains.

“You might be an impressive milk cow, but you’ve got nothing on me!”

The mummy penis began throbbing deep in her throat and its cold mummy milk erupted into her throat.

“Gurgle, slurp, ghhhh! Nghh! Nhhhh~!!”

Unable to think straight through the pleasure of orgasm, Saki gulped down that sticky climax fluid.

“Awoooooooooooo~! Ahhhhhhhh, I’m cumming! Cumming!”

The werewolf and zombies howled and roared as their bizarre penises began ejaculating. Scorching hot wolf cum splattered on her crotch and ice cold zombie cum glopped onto her tits.

“Ah, cough, ugh, nghhh!?”

Saki spat out the mummy penis that had finished ejaculating in her mouth and she had just enough time to gag before a still-throbbing zombie penis was jammed down her throat where it unloaded its thick zombie semen.

“I prefer…bukkake!”

The other zombie grabbed Saki’s hair to get her to look up just in time for his rotting cum to splatter onto her face.

“Awooo! Swallow my cum! Awoooooooooooo!!”

Having already soaked her crotch, belly, and underboob with his fountain of monster cum, the wolfman shoved his furry penis in her mouth, shook the classroom with a victorious howl, and sent one last eruption deep into her throat.

“Pant, pant, pant, ugh! Cough, cough! Uuuh.”

Saki was drenched with the unique stenches of animal and living dead semen, but she was finally freed from that trial. She collapsed onto the sticky floor, coughed up a lot of what she had been forced to swallow, and just trembled there.

“Second trial: complete!”

Once the boy’s voice made that innocent-sounding announcement, the monsters were freed from their transformations and they collapsed to the floor as costumed boys with their dicks out.

“Saki-san!”

Once she was released from the barrier, Yuka ran over and lifted up Saki despite all the semen and she wiped the girl’s face off with a handkerchief.

“Pant, pant, pant. I-I’m fine.”

With the trial complete, the shrine maiden caught her breath and managed to squeeze out her voice.

“Goddammit! What is wrong with you!?”

Shortly afterwards, Shinji was freed from his paralysis and he shouted in anger while preparing to attack his collapsed classmates.

“Kh. Yuka, stop him!”

“Club head! Don’t!”

Yuka responded to Saki’s command and stopped the boy just as he tried to kick his classmates on the floor.

“Why are you stopping me after what they did to Tokiwagi-san…to Saki!? Let go! I won’t be satisfied until I’ve hit them each at least once!”

Shinji was furious and he tried to break free of Yuka’s grasp, but just like when she had thrown the bull-head earlier, the girl used inhuman strength to pin him in place.

“Calm down, Shinji. They were being controlled. And this is nothing to me. I was trained for it, so I’m fine.”

Saki sat up on the floor, wiped the stickiness from her face, and tried to give him a fearless smile, but the exhaustion on her face was impossible to miss.

“Don’t lie! You looked and sounded like you were suffering. And no one would be fine having that done to them! Why do you have to put on that strong face!?”

Shinji shouted himself hoarse.

“Please give it a rest already! I want to get angry too! I want to cry! But that would only get in Saki-san’s way, so I’m holding it inside!”

Yuka snapped at the boy, held him high over her head, and began lecturing him.

“Whoa! Y-Yuka-san, I get it! I get it, so let me down!”

“No! I’m using this chance to have my say! Saki-san is actually an amazingly strong person! But for some reason, she gets weaker when you’re watching. If you care for her…if you love her, then don’t make yourself into her weakness! Don’t make her any weaker than you already have!”

Yuka used the intuition of a girl in love to guess at Shinji’s hidden feelings and then released her own suppressed feelings.

“Um, I would really like you to move on to the next attraction.”

The boy on the speaker interrupted Yuka’s lecture.

“Understood. Yuka, you’re satisfied now, right? Then let Shinji down.”

Saki glanced up at the boy and spoke to the superhuman girl.

“S-sorry! I got carried away and said some things I didn’t mean to say.”

When she lowered Shinji as easily as taking a stuffed animal down from the shelf, he gave the small and adorable girl a look of utter disbelief.

Once Saki had washed off all the sticky fluids in the bathroom by the classroom, she made her way to the next trial with Shinji and Yuka by her side.

“Sorry I lost my cool back there. But can you tell me one thing? What was with Yukimura-san’s strength? That had to be something supernatural.”

Shinji did not hesitate to ask as they hurried down the hall.

“She is a Kannagi. That is what we call someone who has held a god in their body,” quietly explained the Curse Eater. “I will omit the details, but a god has resided in Yuka’s body.”

Yuka’s cheeks flushed and she nodded.

“Even after the god leaves them, a trace of their power remains in the Kannagi’s body. Simply put, they gain divine power.”

“And that’s what gave her that superhuman strength?”

“Yes. In this case, Yuka appears to gain great physical strength when she is emotionally excited. But be careful in how you use this. An emotional rampage would be a tragedy in and of itself.”

The Kannagi girl nodded with a thoughtful look on her face.

Finally, they came to a stop in front of the Student Council Room.

“Wh-what is with this door?”

Yuka worked as the Student Council Secretary, so she was puzzled to find a mysterious door had replaced the usual sliding door.

The solid door was made from thick wood reinforced with metal, but there was a round hole in the center and a similar hole at about Saki’s eye level.

“The third trial is the glory hole door. It will open if you insert your penis into the keyhole and fulfill a certain condition.”

“I can guess I won’t like the answer, but what is that condition?”

“That will be explained after the insertion.”

“Saki-san.”

Yuka blushed out to her ears and called out worriedly.

She had been possessed by the phallic Sex God known as the Sex Root, so she knew the pleasures of a penis all too well.

“Not to worry. I have been training myself to control the Sex Root.”

Saki held the girl’s shoulders and spoke in a reassuring tone, but she had not actually let the Sex Root manifest ever since she had sealed it.

“Hey, how about I try it out first?”

Shinji spoke up as if he had made up his mind.

“Don’t be silly. This is far too risky for anyone but an exorcist.”

(And you’re a virgin feminist who can’t get it up when it matters.)

The Curse Eater kept that harsh secondary reason to herself.

“But you’re a girl, so it’s not like you have a p-penis, right? This trial is meant for me! It has to be!”

The boy stared at Saki with fighting spirit and resolve burning in his eyes.

“Well, that’s not entirely true…oh, to hell with it! Explaining would be embarrassing and take too long, so I’m just gonna knock you out! Sorry!”

The curse-user girl drew a quick sleep curse on the boy’s neck and then faced the door with a tense look on her face.

“Yuka, do you want to sleep through this too?”

The girl held her red pen at the ready, but Yuka shook her head.

“No, I will watch. I promise I won’t get in your way, so don’t put me to sleep!”

“Understood. Sex Root…appear!”

Saki slid aside the leather covering her vulva, took a deep breath, and focused her mind on a single point on her lower stomach. The divine power within her rapidly transformed her clitoris into a penis which gradually grew erect until it was nearly curving back to her stomach.

The shaft had taken on the same flushed pink of her own skin and the swollen head looked so very sensitive.

“Ahhhn! Khhh.”

The Sex Root’s appearance alone caused her lower stomach to throb with such great pleasure her hips nearly gave out.

(It’s even more sensitive than I thought. Can I really make it through this trial?)

Saki brushed aside the worry in her chest and softly pressed the head against the hole in the door.

“Now, what awaits me on the other side? Nn…”

Saki wondered what was coming as she slowly inserted her penis in the glory hole.

“Hwah! Wait, what!?”

As soon as she inserted the erection in the lower hole, a glistening penis stuck out of the top hole. Even the Curse Eater cried out in surprise and flinched back.

“This is simple spatial distortion. Please suck your own dick to produce pleasure waves. Once the sexual energy reaches the threshold, the door will unlock.”

The innocent voice from the ceiling explained the locking mechanism.

“What a vague condition. But I guess I have to do it.”

Saki breathed in deep and slowly breathed back out before moving her lips toward the tip of the Sex Root sticking out of the door.

“Kh, nh, lick, kyahhhh! Ah, this is…wow!”

She wrapped her lips around the heated penis head as ordered, but the intense pleasure caused her to moan and pull her hips back.

“Pant, pant, pant. Th-this is far more than I expected.”

She was hesitant to continue as the heat of the penis lingered on her lips and the softness of her lips lingered on the sensitive penis.

“If you do not rescue the Student Council President soon, the possessed Student Council officers will rape her.”

The boy’s voice urged her to continue the self-pleasuring.

“You cowardly-…no, I just have to do it! Nh, ah, suck, ahhh!”

Saki stuck her penis in the hole again and began pleasuring the Sex Root penis with a self-blowjob. She was hesitant at first, but once the penis head and her lips were used to it, she stuck out her tongue and gently touched that tasting organ to the sensitive tip.

“Khhhh! Ahhhh! I-it tingles, ahhhhh!”

The slight roughness of her tongue enveloped the penis head in a tingling wave of pleasure as she licked it.

The core of her erection trembled as that wave reached the base and sent a sweet throbbing into the semen storage created behind her pubis. Her beautiful face twisted as her futanari body trembled from the unnatural pleasure.

“Ah, nh, ahm, lick, ah, slurp, ahhh, nh.”

She avoided any strong stimulation by gently sucking at and kissing the erect shaft, but she subconsciously thrust her hips forward and inserted her penis deep in the door’s glory hole.

When the light pink cock thrust out from the hole in front of her, it slipped between her half-opened moaning lips and twitched with joy as she swallowed it.

(Ahh, this flavor. It’s so pure and pleasant. So this is what my own penis tastes like.)

The dick scent and flavor spreading through her mouth was downright delicious compared to the monsters she had been pleasuring in the previous trial.

“Nh, ah, lick, kiss, suck, lick, lick, suck.”

When she moved her tongue tip to lick along the slit at the very tip, the Sex Root trembled in joy and filled her mouth with sweet precum.

Her mouth was still sticky with the bitterness of the monster cum, but this pure and divine precum washed that away.

“Nhah! Nh, nh, nh, ah, nhhhhn!”

When she felt the divine cum purifying her monster-violated mouth, the shrine maiden began sucking her own futanari penis more passionately.

When she sucked hard enough to suck her cheeks in and moved her head back and forth to stroke the shaft with her lips, the pleasure racing up her spine just about made her hips give out and her expression melted to a pathetic extent.

(God, this feels good. I never knew my mouth felt this good. And my penis is so hot, powerful, and tasty. I never want to stop sucking it!)

Her tongue and lips were trained in the pleasuring techniques of the God Entertainment, so the unimaginable pleasure ate away at her mind and she sped up her self-blowjob.

“Nhahh, ahh, nh, suck, suck, suck, suck, lick, slurp, ahhhh, nh!”

She narrowed her eyes happily as she stared at the penis wet with a mixture of saliva and precum. Then she ran her tongue across the hot and stiff shaft, sucked the swollen head inside her mouth, and licked all over its smooth surface as if trying to polish it.

“Amh, slurp, suck suck, lick. Nhhh! Ahhhhhn!”

The softness of her tongue and the pleasant roughness of her taste buds caused her body to tense up. The instant she surrounded her own futa cock in the hot saliva and flesh of her mouth, her leather bondage body trembled from the breathtaking pleasure.

The pleasure from her penis brought warmth and wetness to her female side as well. So much love juices were flowing out that it trailed down her white inner thighs.

“Nh, suck, hyah! Nh, this part is so good. Ahhh, it tastes so good when I do this. Lick, lick, lick, ah, ahhhhn, slurrrrrp! Yessss.”

When she stuck the tip of her tongue into the sensitive slit at the very tip and stirred it around, a tense pleasure brought tears to her eyes and she breathed a satisfied sigh at the flavor of the precum flowing out.

Her God Entertainment training meant her tongue sometimes avoided the most pleasurable spots and teasingly tickled everywhere around them while occasionally lightly using her teeth to cause the cock to tremble with fresh pleasure. She pleasured her penis with every technique she had.

Precum mixed with saliva flowed out from the corners of her lips, dripped down the curves of her giant tits pressed against the door, and got all over the rest of her body.

(It feels so good! More, more! If I tease myself, increase the pleasure, and then let myself experience it…ahh! I can’t stop. My tongue feels so good. I want to swallow it even deeper!)

Since she could experience the joy of pleasuring someone and of being pleasured by someone at the same time, she completely lost herself in the forbidden self-blowjob.

She thrust her hips as far forward as she could and seductively wiggled them against the door to get her erection in as deep as possible. The muscles of her round butt danced erotically along with the movement.

“Saki-san.”

Yuka sounded on the verge of tears as she watched her lover engrossed in sucking her own dick, but Saki could not see or hear anything other than the penis in front of her.

“Ahh, nh, slurp! Kh, suck, suck, slurp!”

She squeezed the rim of the head between her lips and loudly sucked the thick precum from the urethra.

After gulping down that fluid which was thick as an egg white, she stuck the tip of her tongue into the tip and wiggled it around to get more of the thick stuff out.



“Hyah! Ahh, nh, suck, suck, suck! Ahahhhhn, deeper.”

As she pumped her tongue tip in and out of that tiny and sensitive opening, an even greater and more dangerous pleasure ran through the core of her erection and increased the maddening desire to ejaculate building behind her pubis.

“Nh, yes, more, more, ahh, nh, nh, nh.”

She ran her tongue across the slit at the tip again and again, slurped down the male love juices endlessly pouring out, moved her own round butt to fuck her own mouth through the door, and swallowed the self-provided pleasure.

She hoped the self-blowjob would last forever, but as she kept sucking it, her penis finally reached its limit.

The ejaculation pathways (which had formed along with the Sex Root itself) contracted sweetly to squeeze out the thick sticky liquid. It numbed the core of her mind with an ejaculatory climax a girl would normally never experience.

The penis grew bigger and harder inside her mouth and throbbed uncontrollably. With a wave of pleasure so great she felt faint, the hot cum surged up the core of the erection.

“Ha ha, yes. I’m cumming. I’m e-ejaculating in my own mouth. Ahh, ah, ah, ha, yes, I’m cumming! M-my penis is cumming! I-I’m cumming!”

The futanari shrine maiden’s butt trembled while she pressed against the door and she released the ejaculatory fluid while intense pleasure coursed through her body.

“Ahhhhh! It’s bursting out! Ahm, khhhhhhhhhhhhn!!”

She cried out in pleasure with the head still in her mouth and then the Sex Root exploded.

With each powerful throb, she felt the greatest pleasure yet and thick, divine cum surged out into her mouth.

“Ngh, nh, gulp, gulp, glup, nh, ah, ahhhh! Slurp, suck, suck suck, slurrrrrp, nkh, gulp. Ahh, I’m cumming. I’m still cumming! It’s so hot!”

There was too much cum for her to swallow, so it got all over her face. The door clicked unlocked, but she had long since forgotten why she was even doing this.



“Ahh, I finally, pant, pant, pant, finally sucked my own, khh.”

Saki collapsed to the floor and could not get back up as she continued moaning.

The Sex Root had disappeared after ejaculating so much, but the sensation of climax still remained deep in her hips and she could not gather enough strength to stand up.

“Tokiwagi-san, you don’t look too good. Are you okay? I’ll call for help!”

Once freed, Ayuko was worried about Saki, but she showed no surprise at the girl’s costume. The impression reduction curse was still in effect, so Ayuko saw Saki’s provocative bondage outfit as a normal uniform.

“It’s no use. My phone can’t get a signal. What is going on? Is it terrorists? That’s it! This must be a terrorist attack!”

Ayuko did not at all understand the situation and she desperately worked to contact someone outside the school.

“There’s a power outage across the entire school and the windows are glued shut! And that’s not all. There are barriers of bulletproof glass set up all over the place. I can’t believe this!”

The Student Council President ran around trying every escape route she could think of, but she finally ran out of ideas and sank down onto the floor.

“See, I told you, Ayu-nee. This is a paranormal phenomenon. So it isn’t a terror attack. Well, I guess it is a sort of terror, but it’s a supernatural terror!”

Ayuko looked up when she heard Shinji’s voice and she looked to Saki, who was clearly extremely worn out, and Yuka, who was crouched alongside Saki.

“Is that supernatural terror what has Tokiwagi-san looking like that?”

“You could say that, yes. But for now, we have to rely on her.”

The boy clenched his fists in frustration as he said that.

“Sorry about getting you caught up in this. …Anyway, they will probably be saying something soon.”

Saki apologized to Ayuko and then looked up at the speaker near the ceiling.

“Everyone, please move to the auditorium. The final trial is being prepared there.”

“See? There it is. Now, let’s get going.”

Saki stood up, but she was still a little unsteady.

“Are you okay? You’re wobbling on your feet there. We’ll head to the auditorium while you find somewhere safe to rest.”

Ayuko took responsibility as Student Council President and tried to help her underclassman.

“Ayu-nee, nowhere is safe right now.”

But Shinji had to explain that with a brooding look on his face.

“Yes, going there is the only option, whatever might await us there. Now, to the auditorium!”

Saki and the others walked to the site of the final trial.

Once they stepped inside the auditorium, they were greeted by a spotlight and thunderous applause.

“Wh-what? Is this a prank? It’s a prank, right!?”

Ayuko looked puzzled as she viewed the students expressionlessly applauding.

“No, it isn’t. Oh, how I wish it was though. Damn, so they still have this many hostages!?”

Things only seemed to get worse and worse, so Shinji kicked the floor in anger.

“Took you long enough. Do you have any idea how long I was waiting here?”

A high-pitched girl’s voice reached them from the stage.

“So the mastermind finally shows herself,” muttered the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden as she looked up at the figure standing on the stage.

It was a blonde girl who looked just like a doll even at a distance.



She looked a fair bit younger than Saki and the others and she wore what looked like riding clothes. She held a riding crop in her right hand and a scarf made of fox fur was wrapped around her neck.

“A little kid?”

“How rude! Lisitsa, you explain it to them.”

The blonde girl pouted her lips at Yuka calling her a little kid and she swatted at the air with the riding crop while ordering someone around.

“Very well. I shall introduce her. The lady standing before you is Luna Illusia. She has inherited the most secret techniques of Lemegeton, the oldest and greatest school of conjuring.”

The fox scarf provided the girl’s name using the boy’s voice they had heard over the intercom.

“Did that fox scarf just talk!?”

“It must be ventriloquism. I knew this was a prank.”

“No, Ayu-nee, this isn’t a prank. That’s what they call a familiar, isn’t it?”

Yuka, Ayuko, and Shinji all exchanged their opinions.

“Why are you so surprised my scarf is talking? I’m the star here!”

The blonde girl named Luna puffed out her cheeks at the fact that no one was paying her any attention after she was introduced.

Those three relaxed because it all felt like part of a comedy routine, but the Curse Eater approached the stage with obvious caution.

“Lemegeton. That is the oldest magic cabal which inherited the magical system of King Solomon. I thought it had been weakened by internal conflict until a portion had to join the former Soviet Union for protection.”

The exorcist girl searched her memories as she questioned the girl who claimed to have inherited Lemegeton’s techniques.

“Yes, that is correct. I am the last survivor of the Russian Lemegeton. Others in my field fearfully refer to me as the Curse Collector.”

The blonde girl bragged about herself while puffing out her almost entirely flat chest.

“If you are trained in the Lemegeton school, I can see how you can use so many minor spirits at once. But if you are after the divine cores within me, why act so indirectly and on such a large scale?”

Saki loudly asked her question while climbing up onto the stage.

“My policy is to never hold back against anyone. And I have something to show you to prove I am serious.”

With a slap of the riding crop, something rose up from below the stage.

It was a 2m cube made from metal pipes and it had several thick power cables connected to it.

It looked a lot like a jungle gym made of metal pipes and it contained a bell-shaped object reminiscent of a dotaku. That object was slightly vibrating while producing a low buzzing sound.

“You should know what this is.”

Luna Illusia proudly viewed the strange object.

“It appears to have been modified a fair bit, but that in the center is Solomon’s Bell. Or rather, a detailed imitation of it. Is it one of the ones entrusted with the Ten Tribes?”

“Yes. Only ten exist. It is the most powerful spiritual sealing item there is and it has been further enhanced and modified with science. A maximum of 6 million dead spirits can be sealed within and then controlled. Isn’t electrical amplification of curses just the most wonderful thing?”

The blonde necromancer girl stared lovingly at the bell while stroking the minor spirits clinging to the jungle gym structure.

“It seems like a bad idea to me. You will only destroy yourself if you attempt to use a power greater than you yourself can control.”

“Silence! What I want are powerful spirits. My collection needs divine-level spirits which can bend the very laws of physics!”

The blonde girl spoke her selfish desire with no hint of shame.

“Such a childish way of thinking. …Kh, nh.”

Just as Saki expressed her exasperation, a carnal throbbing rose within the core of her body.

“Say what you like, but you appear to be having trouble controlling the Sex Gods sealed within you. It must be painful. Or are you feeling so horny you can’t wait a moment longer?” The blonde girl gave an impish smile. “You should thank me. At this festival, I will have my revenge against you and also free you from the Sex Gods causing that horniness!”

The necromancer girl spoke arrogantly while reflected in the shrine maiden’s sapphire eyes.

“Revenge? I don’t remember doing anything to wrong you.”

“That’s where you’re wrong! I was working to secure the Sex Fluid Butterfly for my collection, but you hunted it down first and stole it from me!”

“Hold on. You can’t really hold that against me.”

Saki actually looked shocked at how flimsy an excuse that was.

“Sh-shut up! There’s plenty more. I had a sex dream god possess an original figurine and it was developing quite nicely until you come along and sealed it away! If that had continued developing as planned, it would have become Dantalion, one of the 72 demons of Lemegeton!”

“That was you too!? Don’t grow Sex Gods like a virtual pet!”

Luna’s body jumped and tensed when Saki scolded her in such a dignified voice.

“I said shut up! It’s time for the final trial! Use that horny body of yours to satisfy every last student here.”

The blonde conjurer pointed her riding crop toward the students filling the audience area.

“What!? You’re dragging the entire student body into this!?”

“Exactly. The part of their minds that would question things such as…oh, I don’t know, participating in an orgy at school…has been dulled. But that is not all.”

Luna Illusia explained with confidence filling her voice.

“A lust spirit has been planted deep within their mind to make them desire you in particular. However, their normal personalities and memories remain intact, so this should be a very entertaining festival of pleasure.”

An impish smile appeared on the girl’s cute face.

“You have the worst taste.”

“This has nothing to do with my taste. This is the great witch’s orgy – the Sabbat – with a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden as the offering! You should be proud to become the offering at such a grand event.”

Luna added some dramatic flourishes as she explained atop the stage.

“I-I can’t just listen to this. I’m going to punish you!”

“This is going way too far for a prank! Cut it out already!”

Yuka and Ayuko raised their eyebrows and approached Luna.

“Wait! Stop that, you two!”

“Don’t stop us. I’m ready to kick this kid’s ass myself!”

Shinji cut between Saki and Luna with his fists trembling with rage.

“You have some nerve defying me when you have no knowledge of spiritual combat!”

With the swish of the riding crop slicing through the air, a barrier appeared and separated those three from everyone else. Trapped behind the invisible wall, they were soon paralyzed and unable to move or talk.

“Those three appear to have a solid connection with you, so I will leave their minds fully intact and use them as witnesses. Now, let us begin!”

When Luna swung her riding crop along a complex series of arcs, the previously silent and expressionless students regained their usual expressions and a stir ran through the auditorium.

“Huh? When did we end up here?”

“You don’t remember? There was an announcement telling us to come here.”

Saki could hear them conversing like they normally would.

“First of all, remove that impression reduction curse that masks your true appearance.”

“I had a feeling you would say that. …Remove curse!”

The Curse Eater had to do as she was told, so she removed the crimson curse she had transferred onto her large breast. As soon as its effects vanished, the students in the audience all stared up onto the stage.

“Whoa! Is that SM? But wait, who is that? She’s super hot.”

“Isn’t that the girl from the second year? Tokiwagi, I think? Why’s she dressed like that?”

Excited voices rose from the boys and the girls and some moved up to the bottom of the stage to get a better look at her.

Looks of curiosity and desire from the boys and the girls mercilessly stabbed into that sexy white body bound by crimson leather belts.

(Simply seeing my true form made them this horny?)

A conflicted expression appeared on Saki’s face and Luna stepped up alongside her.

“Hee hee hee. You sure are popular. What’s wrong? You’re trembling. Is it that embarrassing to find yourself exposed like this?”

The lights shined on Saki’s bare skin and Luna’s icily cold fingers gently stroked her butt.

A teasing finger slipped into her butt crack and toyed with the sensitive perineum and anus through the leather belt.

“Wh-what are you doing!? Hyah!”

A quiet groan escaped her bondage body and she jerked in response to the touch, but the finger then moved below the leather. The cold fingertip felt like a sexual mollusk as it found the vagina protected by the leather and stirred up the sensitive flesh to stretch open the entrance.

“Hyah! Was this your goal? That’s my, ahhh!”

“No, this is just for fun. You could say I’m helping prepare everyone’s meal. The festival must be as exciting as possible.”

The blonde girl could only have been a child, but she fingered the bondage girl so that her embarrassing moans echoed throughout the auditorium. The students gulped and watched.

“You’re already wet. Do you like having a little kid like me fingering you? What a lewd girl. Let’s let everyone hear just how wet you are.”

At some point, a broadcast club boy holding a video camera with a directional mic had moved right up to the stage and begun filming Saki’s crotch from a low angle.

The camera footage was projected onto the stage’s big screen and the noise picked up by the microphone was played over the speakers.

The obscene sound of her nectar echoed through the otherwise silent auditorium and the screen displayed a close up of the little girl’s fingers pumping in and out of her below the leather.

“Ohhh! Wow, is this what pussy juices sound like? It’s so damn hot!”

“I can’t believe it. Is she really wet enough for it to sound like this?”

Both the boys and the girls responded to the shocking footage. There were lewd jeers, cheers, whistles, and small shrieks.

“Hyah! Ahhhh, nh, kh, ah, ah, ah, nkhhhhhhn!”

Saki could not suppress the embarrassing moaning rising from deep in her throat and her legs pressed together and trembled while love juices flowed from deep in her vagina and reflected the spotlight as it trickled down her inner thighs. The camera captured it all while zoomed in.

“Oh, no. Now I’m getting wet too.”

Thanks to the minor spirits possessing them, the boys and girls did not think to question this situation, so they stared at the obscene footage on the screen with arousal coloring their faces and they burned with the sexual desire they would normally have restrained.

The sexual scene stimulated the excessive lust of all those teenagers, so heat emanated from their bodies and a horny atmosphere hung over the entire auditorium.

“Such fabulous libidinal energy. Schools are really just furnaces of suppressed lust, aren’t they? The sound of your pussy has lit the flame of desire in them all.”

While fingering the Curse Eater’s vagina with delicate movements, the blonde necromancer girl, Luna Illusia, spoke in a triumphant tone.

“That should be about enough. Lisitsa, begin the festival!”

“Understood. …Attention students, the horny girl by the name of Tokiwagi Saki shall pleasure you all. Please gather in front of the stage.”

At some point, the fox scarf had left Luna and wrapped itself around the mic stand where it now announced the beginning of the orgy in that boy’s voice.

“Eh!? F-for real!? She’ll get us all off?”

The students were good and horny after viewing that sexual footage, so they were practically boiling with lust and their youthful arousal could be smelled even from the stage.

“Look how badly they all want it. You should really go pleasure them now.”

Luna pulled her fingers out from the leather belt with a string of love juices trailing behind it and she pushed hard on Saki’s shoulder.

“Pant, pant, pant. I do have one idea, so am I free to use the Sex Gods’ powers?”

Still catching her breath from the teasing of her vaginal entrance, the shrine maiden asked the blonde imp about the divine cores sealed within her body.

“Yes, you are. In fact, I want you to. But if you try anything funny, you will not like what happens to the students. …Mm, such tasty nectar.”

Confident in the minor spirits she commanded, the conjurer readily gave permission and licked the love juices from her fingers.

“Then I shall use the possession copies of the Uzume-style God Entertainment ceremony!”

When Saki shut her eyes and made a hand sign in front of her chest, spiritual energy flowed out like a white fog.

The energy transformed into thin threads, wrapped around the necks of the confused but horny students, and then attached near the base of the neck.

“That is an incredible amount of ectoplasm. I guess that’s a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden for you.”

Luna was honestly impressed, but her purple eyes were cautiously viewing what happened.

“Ahhhh, my body feels so hot, ahhhhhh!”

When one boy cried out, white smoke burst from his mouth before spiraling around and taking shape. The same thing was happening all across the auditorium. White smoke flowed from the eyes, noses, and ears of the surprised boys and girls before it took human form and stood before them as an identical copy of the shrine maiden standing on the stage.

“Now, come! We will devour the lustful curse placed upon you!”

Several dozen Tokiwagi Sakis spoke in unison and then began caressing the aroused boys and girls’ bodies.

With their bodies provocatively exposed by the leather bondage outfit, the Sakis embraced the boys and girls alike while rubbing their bodies and removing their clothes. Voices of confusion and cries of surprise echoed out as stripped-off uniforms and underwear flew through the air.

“Heh heh. What an adorable penis. Nh, but you haven’t been washing it very well. It stinks! But not to worry. I will lick it clean in my mouth.”

“S-sorry! Ahhh, you’re going straight to sucking it!? I-it feels amazing!”

When one Saki took an obscene-smelling penis into her mouth, it responded to the pleasure by rapidly growing hard and releasing precum from the tip.

All over the auditorium, Saki’s copies reached for the boys’ erections and began pleasuring them with white fingers, scarlet lips, or weighty breasts.

“Can I touch your tits?” “I want to rub your hot ass.”

While she pleasured them, the boys could not restrain their sexual curiosity and hesitantly reached out to awkwardly touch her large bust and tight butt.

“Touch all you want. C’mon, move your fingers even more. Ahhn, yes, just like that.”

Saki’s copies raised sensual cries, twisted their sexy bondage bodies, and wiggled their seductive asses to inspire further arousal in the boys.

The lustful copies were also pleasuring the girls.

“Oh, what’s this? You’re wet as can be down here. And your clit is nice and hard. Heh heh.”

“Ahhhn! Saki Onee-sama, you’re so good at this! Wait, my legs are going to give out!”

The copies’ delicate fingers wriggled at the girls’ crotches, they sucked at every imaginable size of breast and at soft lips, and they made those innocent teenage bodies tremble with pleasure.

“Hm, I’m surprised. Creating copies in the real world requires an impressive amount of spiritual energy. And I didn’t realize you were quite this horny a girl. Is this who you really are deep down?”

“This is the power of the sex dream god you were raising, so I think we both know who to blame. Khh!”

Saki responded while still forming the hand sign, but her face twisted in pleasure.

“I see you can feel everything the copies feel. It must feel wonderful pleasuring hundreds of people while they rub your body.”

While the blonde girl watched the orgy beginning before her eyes, her cheeks flushed and she began to sweat a bit in obvious sexual arousal.

“See, now it’s really twitching. Feel free to cum all over my tits.”

One Saki copy was giving a boy a titjob. She put on a seductive smile and massaged her own giant breasts to stimulate the penis between them.

“Ahhh! I’m cumming! I’m cumming between those huge tits!”

The boy was receiving his very first titjob, so his erection soon exploded.

“Khhh, take my semen!” “Ah, I’m gonna cum, ahhhh!”

More and more boys moaned in climax and the raw smell of semen began to fill the auditorium.

“Nh, suck, pwah, you can cum more than that, can’t you? Here, I’ll lick the top for you. Ahm, lick, slurp, suck, suck, suck.”

As the penis throbbed between her boobs, one of the copies lovingly placed her lips around the tip and sucked out the male-smelling eruption. She looked up at the boy as she used her tongue on the urethral entrance and then kissed it to get even more out.

“It just won’t stop twitching, will it? Lick, slurp…oh, it’s so thick.”

A Saki giving a handjob continued stroking the erection even as her slender fingers were coated with the milky liquid and she ran her tongue along the ejaculating penis head to lick up the thick climax fluid.

“Ahhhn! That feels amazing! Lick me, lick me more!”

But the boys were not the only ones moaning in pleasure. The girls’ cries also echoed through the auditorium.

“Oh, I will. I’ll keep licking you until your pussy permanently smells like my saliva! And you boys, make sure my body permanently smells like cum!”

A clone engaging in lesbian sex licked at the slit and anus of the girl sitting on her face, but she also pleasured a penis with each hand and rubbed at the young male organs held between her breasts and thighs.

“Wow, I can’t believe a girl this hot is giving me a handjob. Ugh, I’m cumming again!”

She licked off the thick semen squirted all over her leather-gloved hand and smiled while rubbing the rest of the fluid into her bondage body.

“Ahhh, the yang energy is permeating me. But I want much, much more. Don’t hold back. Keep it coming.”

The boys and girls were even more turned on by the eroticism of the hot girl rubbing the milky gel into her white skin and the sticky noise it produced, so the boys stuck out their penises as requested.

“Here, won’t someone go at my ass?”

The horny copy pleasured three penises with two handjobs and a blowjob, but she also stuck out her sensual ass and wiggled it side to side.

“Me! I’ll do it!” “No, I will!” “I-I could do it!”

A boy with an ass fetish immediately responded and started sucking at her butt like it was the physical manifestation of sex appeal.

“Oh, what a hot ass! It’s so soft, cold, and wonderful! Lick, lick, lick, lick! And tasty too!”

The boy began massaging and licking her butt, but then he stuck his nose in the crack and ran his tongue along the anus protected by the leather belt.

“Khhhn! Going there already? You’re a bold one. Ahh, and now a finger? Ahhhn!”

“C-can I? I can really do this?”

Licking was not enough for him, so the boy began pressing his index finger into the center of the hole visible through the thin leather plastered to her by her love juices.

“Y-yes. You’re free to do anything as long as it’s through the leather. Ahn!”

Once he had permission, he stuck his finger even deeper inside her anus. The thin exorcist leather was highly flexible, so his finger sank in to the second joint and was met with a lewd contracting.

“D-damn it’s tight. So this is a girl’s asshole, huh? Kh, I can’t wait any longer! Nh, nh, nh, nhhh!”

The boy got up on his knees, held her seductive butt between his hands, pressed his erect penis against the indention in the leather, and began rubbing against her ass.

It was only a few centimeters, but the swollen penis head stretched the thin exorcist leather enough to reach her anal sphincter.

“Ahhh, yessss! It’s so tight! I’m gonna cum already!”

While only thrusting the head in and out of her ass, he dug his fingers into the cheeks and began ejaculating.

The thick milkiness filled up her butt crack and soaked into her butt cheeks.

“What, you came already? You’re young, so you can keep going, can’t you? Look, it’ll feel even better with it all sticky from your cum.”

She stuck out her cum-soaked butt and he inserted his penis once more.

“Hm, that version of me sure is enjoying herself. I should probably get to work too. You, come here.”

A Saki with her entire body glistening with semen chose her next target: a virgin boy hanging his head in embarrassment while his erect penis remained covered by the foreskin.

“I-I’ve never done this kind of thing before…”

“Heh heh heh. How naïve and cute. C’mon, move your hands out of the way. Ahm, nh, lick, suck. You should really wash in here better. Here, I’ll clean it up for you.”

She stuck his penis in her mouth, slipped her tongue inside the foreskin, and polished the highly sensitive head within.

“Ahhh! Don’t lick there! It’s dirty!”

The boy stiffened in embarrassment as he received a dedicated blowjob.

“Which is why I’m licking it clean. Ahm, nh, lick. Look, I peeled back the foreskin. Now to suck it for real.”

That Saki greedily sucked at the exposed head and the boy soon came inside her mouth, but even after swallowing it, she continued licking at the head until it was entirely clean.

“See? Nice and clean. You two can join in too!”

The copy licked her lips and invited over two boys who were waiting their turn.

“U-um, can we do your armpits?”

The boys made a hesitant suggestion and the lusty copy smiled happily.

“Of course. You want me to hold it below my arm while you thrust? It feels just like a pussy with all the sweat and cum soaking it, doesn’t it? Oh, this kind of tickles. I think I like it.”

The shrine maiden held the armpit fetish boys’ penises in her smooth armpits and squeezed with her upper arms to apply pressure.

“Ahhh, your smooth armpit pussy is even better than I imagined. Khhh!”

The two boys thrust their hips while enjoying the perverted pleasure. The combined pleasure of her squeezing arms and the soft sideboob had the virgin penises throbbing with ejaculation in less than a minute.

“Finish it off by cumming in my mouth! Ah, nmh, nhhhh!”

The copy pulled the armpit fetish boys’ hips close, held both erections in her mouth at once, and happily swallowed the double ejaculation.

“You can cum more if you like. Hm? Are you up next? Ahm, suck, suck, suck. Here, I’ll show you the pleasures of the prostate. Oh, I’m not letting you get away! Heh heh heh heh.”

When another boy asked her for a blowjob, she sucked on his trembling penis and wrapped her tongue around the head, but she also stuck a cum-slick finger into his anus and used the forbidden pleasure from deep within that hole to squeeze out his semen.

The sensual moans of several dozen Sakis combined with the orgasmic cries of so many boys and girls. The sticky sounds of so many fluids were accompanied by the lewd licking of many tongues.

It truly was an orgy festival with the Curse Eater as the offering.

The boys and girls did not even glance over at the other members of their preferred sex. They only desired Saki and produced a flood of pleasure fluids after receiving her skilled sexual techniques.

“More, more! I’m ready to pleasure so many more of you.”

The dozens of copies were glistening with the semen of hundreds of boys, but continued to greedily pursue more students they could pleasure.

As the orgy wore on, a change occurred in those copies.

“Isn’t it about time you sucked on this? C’mon, touch it.”

The leather covering her crotch was pushed aside as one of the Saki’s clits grew into an erect penis and she teased a girl’s face with the swollen head.

“Oh, wow. So this is what a penis feels like. Ahm, nh, nh, nh, nh. Ha ha. It’s so hot and hard. And it tastes so lewd but in a good way.”

Aroused by the male organ rising from the other girl’s crotch, the girl wrapped her lips around the precum-dripping head and began using her tongue for an intense blowjob.

“Ahhh, yes. Just like that. When you suck my dick, the yang energy inside me grows.”

The futanari girl stated something seemingly important with a look of ecstasy on her face as she pushed her artistically beautiful butt forward to move deeper inside the girl’s mouth.

And that one copy was not the only one to grow a penis. All several dozen of them now had a beautifully erotic cock standing erect from their crotch and the sight filled the girls and the boys with perverted pleasure.

Some of the boys wrapped their fingers or lips around the futa cocks and began rubbing or sucking them, or they rubbed their own erection against them as if to compare hardness and sensitivity. Some of the girls ignored the penises altogether and instead sucked at the wet pussies to slurp up the love juices flowing out.

With the minor spirits directing their attraction toward Saki, the students’ preferences only became clear once the male and female sex organs were available as options. Saki used every part of her superb body to give them what they wanted and she provided them with the greatest pleasure of their lives as they each achieved orgasm.

“Ahh, I’m cumming!” “So am I!” “Ahhhn, I’m cumming!”



The sexual aroma of semen and love juices filled the auditorium, countless cries of climax joined together, and the lewd shrine maidens gave looks of ecstasy while white, hot, and sticky cum coated their nearly-nude bodies.

“Kh, hh, hh, nh! And then…khnn!”

The Cures Eater moaned quietly from the pleasure being sent back to her, but she managed to maintain the copies.

“Simply pleasuring others is boring, isn’t it? I will show your real body some love.”

Luna was apparently tired of just watching, so she began groping Saki.

One small hand massaged the giant breasts held tightly by the leather belts and the other hand slid below the soaked leather to tease the shrine maiden’s vagina and clitoris.

“W-wait! Do that now and I can’t maintain the- ahhh!”

“Something about this is bothering me. It’s true those copies are made with a Sex God’s power, but you used the students’ ectoplasm and the copies haven’t ejaculated or orgasmed. Very strange.”

The young necromancer continued groping Saki with her small hands, but she also narrowed her eyes and spoke in a probing way.

“Ah, nh. You’re overthinking this. You told me to pleasure them, so that’s what I’m doing.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden quietly argued her case while her body glistened with a sensual sweat.

“I’m not so sure. But no matter. I will just enjoy myself here.”

While groping Saki’s superb body, the blonde girl pinched the erect clitoris between her tiny fingers and squeezed as if trying to crush it.

“Ahhhhhhh!”

When the intense stimulation pierced her crotch, Saki fell onto all fours on the stage.

“You can maintain the copies even while feeling too much pleasure to remain standing? Your spiritual power and willpower are both impressive. All the more reason to make you mine!”

The blonde girl crouched behind Saki and pulled on the leather covering her crotch which was soaked with love juices. That leather had grown loose as the girl used up her spiritual power, so a light tug was all it took for it to slip away and reveal her vulva and anus.

“What a pretty pink. I can’t help but want to kiss it.”

Luna leaned toward the exposed vulva and kissed that secret hole.

“Hm, looks like you want more than just a kiss. Very well, I will do something much lewder for you.”

That blonde girl’s lovely young lips, tongue, and white teeth would have looked more at home with a lollipop, but she instead used them to attack the Curse Eater’s secret area.

She audibly licked at the vaginal entrance, pressed her lips against it and sucked, and occasionally lightly bit that soft, sexual flesh.

“Hh, ahh, ahhh.”

The skilled oral technique sent milky love juices pouring from the contracting vagina and an obscene-smelling puddle formed on the stage.

“I won’t take your virginity. After all, you would lose your God-Entertaining power if I did, right? But I need you to work as my hound. Hee hee. So I’ll use this hole.”

She shoved an ice cold finger into Saki’s anus.

“Ah, ahhhhn! That’s my, ahhh, nhhh!”

“This is your what? Am I not allowed to tease your poophole? Ha ha. It’s twitching and squeezing my finger. What a lewd ass.”

While speaking obscene terms with her lovely lips, the blonde necromancer girl used her small fingers to tease Saki’s anus.

It was just one finger at first, but she soon added a second and then a third. By then, the shrine maiden’s moans were seductive indeed.

“Hm, you’ve been using this hole, haven’t you? Were you enjoying yourself with it to preserve your virginity? Well, I’ll fuck your lewd asshole with a truly wonderful toy♪”

After teasing Saki with childish ring to her voice, the necromancer girl pulled out an extra-thick black dildo.

It appeared to be made from a large animal bone, it was around 30cm long, the tip had to be around 5cm across, and that head stuck out brutally far in three consecutive steps. The gently-curving shaft had several bumps meant to stimulate the inner walls.

“This dildo was the holy item of a secret cult that worshiped a god of pleasure. It spent more than 500 years fucking women without a moment’s rest, so a sexual soul eventually formed within the dildo. It’s similar to what this country calls a tsukumogami.”

Even as she explained, she used the tip of the wicked dildo to tease Saki’s anal entrance.

“Hyah! Ahh, wait, it’s too much! Ah, my ass is…going crazy!”

Simply rubbing gently against the entrance sent sweet sexual heat throbbing through her body. Love juices squirted from her untouched vagina while it contracted on the verge of orgasm.

“See? The pleasure is unbelievable just from a light rub at the entrance. But you will feel that much deeper. You will be driven mad by pleasure as it penetrates deep within your ass!”

The abnormally huge dildo widened the delicate ring of muscle and sank deep within.

“Kh, ahhhh, stop pushing on it! Aheeeeeeeeeeeeeee~!!!”

Saki’s voice echoed across the auditorium while she squirted hot love juices onto the floor

“You came just from that, didn’t you? But that’s fine. It is the appropriate response for a woman accepting this sex toy within her. Each stroke brings you to climax and a slight twisting brings a brand new orgasm.”

With a lewd smile on her lips and an aroused flush on her cheeks, the blonde imp pumped the dildo in and out of Saki’s ass and twisted it side to side to torment her vagina and womb through the flesh wall within.

“Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhhh, I’m cumming! I’m cumming, khhhh! Hwaaaaaaaaahh~!”

Each time the bone dildo pulled out, her anus pulled back with it. Each time it pushed back in, her glistening body writhed in pleasure and another anal orgasm washed over her.

The loosened leather belts had released her breasts and the erect nipples endlessly sprayed sweet milk which soaked the floor.

“Do you like it in your ass that much? What a pervert you are. But I will take you in as my servant and have you hunt Sex Gods for me. There was a traditional fishing method like that, wasn’t there? Was it called cormorant fishing?”

Luna leaned on Saki’s back and spoke triumphantly while pushed the demonic dildo deep into her ass.

“Kh, ahh, my ass is cumming, cumming, ahhh, again, cumming again, I can’t stop cumming! Ahhh, so deep, so deep in my ass!”

The shrine maiden held her butt up in the air, moaned loudly, and released just about every kind of bodily fluid while the dildo seemed to penetrate her mind as well as her ass.

“I suppose it’s about time for the finishing blow. Succumb to the pleasure in front of your useless friends and release all of the divine cores!”

After fully burying the divine-class dildo in Saki’s anus, the blonde girl stirred it around. The pleasure felt like having all of her organs mixed together.

“Hghhhhh! Kh, aghhhh! I’m melting! Aghhhh, nhhh, no! I’m cumming, cumming, cumming, cumming~!”

The demonic dildo emitted sexual waves within her which forced her womb and bladder to convulse in climax.

Every cell in her body boiled with sensuality and a tsunami of pleasure crashed down on her bondage body.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhn!”

Saki’s orgasmic cry echoed across the auditorium and she collapsed down onto the stage while it continued to echo.

“Ahhh! Saki-chan just disappeared!”

As soon as she climaxed and passed out, the copies vanished like smoke and the abandoned boys and girls expressed their disappointment.

“Where did you go? Oh, there she is! It’s Saki!”

Still slaves to their pleasure, the students rushed toward the real Saki collapsed on the stage, but a curse barrier blocked their way.

“I will continue this festival with the power of the Sex Gods I take from you. Now, Sex Gods residing within the Curse Eater’s body, return to Solomon’s Bell!”

Luna swung her riding crop and commanded the Sex Gods, but nothing happened and an awkward silence fell.

“Why!? Why won’t they come out after your soul succumbed!?”

While Luna spoke in a daze, Saki slowly got back up.

“Sigh… I’ve never cum that hard in my life, but you can’t experience it properly when it’s that intense. My memories cut out partway through and the afterglow isn’t that great either.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden brushed a hand through her messy hair and placed a fearless smile on her sweaty and flushed face. She was brimming with energy, like the previous frenzy had never happened.

“You endured that!? But where did you find the energy to spare!? You were completely worn down and those orgasms were very real!”

“It’s true I didn’t have the spare energy to take you on when I arrived in the auditorium and it’s true I orgasmed like crazy. But you made two mistakes.”

Saki raised two fingers as she continued.

“Your first mistake was having me sexually pleasure the entire student body. The copies did indeed use up a lot of spiritual power, but I actually made back more than I lost by absorbing the orgasmic energy of those students.”

“What? You mean like a succubus!?”

Luna’s confident and triumphant expression changed to one of fear. She forgot all about using spirits of the dead as she backed away from Saki.

“Now you’re calling me a succubus? Do you know why I’m known as a Curse Eater? Because I consume curses and pleasure and I convert them into my own power!”

The Curse Eater winced a bit as she slowly pulled the dildo from her anus.

“Nkh, hhh. There, it’s finally out. Oh, and I also absorbed the incredible curse power stored within this dildo to help myself recover. So thanks.”

That cursed dildo made of bone clunked lifelessly to the floor when she threw it to Luna’s feet.

“You drained part of my precious collection of its power!? How…how dare you! You monster!”

The blonde girl raged like a child whose favorite toy had been taken.

“And now I’m just a monster, am I? Just so you know, I am proud of my position as a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden who soothes the Sex Gods by calming their obsession, purifying their regrets, and transforming them into innocent beings before they become evil gods.”

The Curse Eater and God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden spoke in a quiet but dignified voice as she slowly walked toward the fearful necromancer.

“I! I haven’t lost yet! Open, Solomon’s bell!”

With a powerful swing of the riding crop, an ominous rumble came from the ultimate cursed tool reinforced by modern science.

The jungle gym structure surrounding it opened up and the bell-like shape underwent a complex transformation to release itself.

“Wait! You won’t be able to control it!”

“Shut up! Th-the only way I can beat a monster like you is to take a Sex God inside me to become a monster myself!”

Feeling cornered, Luna screamed like a child throwing a tantrum and swung her spirit-controlling riding crop around.

“Wandering spirits, obey the sound of my whip and gather! Gather! Gatherrrrr! Fuse together as a core of passion and possess my body as a fallen god!”

A sound like a swarm of locusts rose from the opened Solomon’s Bell and an unbelievable number of minor spirits rushed out.

They spiraled around Luna’s slender body.

“Wh-what is this? No one told me there were this many inside! Wait, I can’t control it! Kyaaaaaaah~!!”

As she was enveloped by the vortex of dead spirits, Luna’s clothes were torn away, revealing her skinny and slender body.

Her bust was only just beginning to bud and the pink nipples looked small and childish. The lines of her ribs showed faintly through on her slim sides and her small butt had yet to gain a womanly roundness.

“Hyaaaaahn! No, this feels so gross! Stay out of me! Nooooooo!”

Luna shouted and cried as the dead spirits began to enter her slender nude body like countless needles.

Dozens and then hundreds of dark needles jabbed into the light pink nipples poking out from her budding breasts and they supplied her with both pain and intense pleasure.

More spiritual needles stabbed into the tongue she stuck out as she cried. The same happened to her small butt, the pink anus twitching at the center, and the vulva within her tightly closed labia. The mixture of pain and pleasure pierced every part of her soft flesh as the downpour of needles continued.

“Ahhhhh! Master!”

The fox scarf screamed and tried to jump over to Luna, but Saki swiftly reached out and snatched it up.

“Hey, scarf! You can operate that machine, right?”

“My name is not scarf! It is Lisitsa!”

“I don’t care. Just cut power to that machine!”

She pointed at the out-of-control Solomon’s Bell and demanded he deal with it.

“Mhhh, I will do as you say, but only because it is an emergency! Now, time to save the day!”

The familiar flew through the air and into the vent below the stage.

“This should remove the barriers. But she is still a problem.”

The shrine maiden considered what to do about the necromancer girl who was half unconscious after taking in so many spirits.

The familiar must have done his job because the device lost power and the barriers dividing up the school disappeared.

“Saki-saaaan!”

“Are you okay? And what’s going on now?”

Yuka and Shinji ran over once the barrier holding them back was gone.

“The minor spirits are going berserk. And that orgy has left them fixated on me, so they are gathering around in order to have sex with me.”

Saki explained while giving an apologetic look down at the students gathering below the stage like zombies.

“Calm down, everyone! Please return to your seats! Can’t you hear me telling you to calm down!? This is an order from the Student Council President!”

Ayuko grabbed a microphone and shouted at the students awkwardly trying to climb onto the stage.

“Saki-san, something’s happening to her too.”

Yuka looked scared as she watched Luna after the blonde girl had been swallowed by the vortex of minor spirits.

“Yes, that is no longer a collection of minor spirits. It is a Sex God formed of the wicked desire to indulge in the pleasure of fucking me. It is known as the Great Whore!”

Luna’s eyes had rolled back in her head, but the pupils returned to the center when she heard Saki’s voice.

But their color had changed to a toxic red that glowed like embers.

“Sakiiiiiiiii!”

The Sex God possessing the necromancer’s body slowly walked over but then came to a student stop.

The breast milk and love juices Saki had produced earlier formed a puddle at her feet.

“Ahhhh, I smell Sakiiii!”

Luna crawled on the floor like a dog and began lapping up the shrine maiden’s fluids.

“That should stop her for a few minutes. Just enough time to prepare for the God Entertainment.”

“Saki-san, are you saying you’re going to have sex with that monster?”

Yuka sounded very worried.

“Don’t call it sex. Call it God Entertainment. That girl only became a Sex God due to her curse-level obsession with me. As the Curse Eater, it is my duty to calm those feelings.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden gave a confident smile.

“You’re going to save her after the awful things she did to you?”

“Yes. I swear on my name as a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden that I will save her! And I want your help too.”

“I can’t say no to you, Saki-san.”

The Kannagi girl nodded with a tense expression.

“Is there anything I can do to help?” asked Shinji while keeping a cautious eye on their surroundings.

“I will help too of course. The President can’t ignore an underclassman’s request!”

Ayuko joined in after deciding shouting at the students was not going to help.

“Okay. Then hold out your hands, you three.”

Saki pulled out a red pen and drew a quick curse on the backs of their hands.

“What is this?”

“An exorcism curse. You can now punch the minor spirits out of the students. But only if you aim for the heart or forehead. Just be careful not to actually hurt them.”

The exorcist girl finished drawing the curses as she explained. That last comment was mostly directed at Yuka.

“I will pour my heart and soul into the God Entertainment, so you three take care of the students. Do not let even one of them onto the stage. I know this job is a bit much for just three people, but can you do it?”

“You have to ask? I’m the Student Council President.”

Ayuko responded first.

“Ayu-nee, that doesn’t really answer her question.”

Shinji responded to her in his usual way and then gave Saki a manly smile.

“So I can finally be useful. I’m ready to fight every last god out there if I have to, so a few hundred is nothing!” That good-for-nothing boy looked her right in the eye. “So do your duty as a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden and save that girl.”

“Just leave it to me!”

“I’ll do my job too! I’ll fight if you ask me to, Saki-san!”

Yuka cutely clenched her fists as she joined in.

“I’ll take the vanguard. Ayu-nee and Yukimura-san, you two guard the left and right stairs up to the stage.”

“Will do. Yukimura-san, don’t push yourself too hard, okay?”

“I won’t!”

“Then let’s do this!”

Shinji jumped down from the stage and moved right out into the zombie-like swarm of students.

“Hah, hnn! Hah, ryahhhh~!!”

Shinji began using the Nippon Kempo techniques he had learned when he was younger.

Whenever his fist scored a direct hit, something resembling bluish-white smoke left the boy or girl’s body and they fainted.

“Stay back! Take this, and this! I said stay baaaaack!”

Yuka knocked the students out with blows much more powerful than Shinji’s. She sometimes got carried away and sent one flying a few meters, but it did not look like anyone had been seriously injured yet.

Shinji and Ayuko moved all around while covering each other’s blind spots as they continued knocking the minor spirits out of the boys and girls.

“Who is it you fight / for the sake of a good friend? / A classmate and a friend. …Oops, too many syllables!”

With a bitter smile on his sweaty face, Shinji knocked out some boys he knew.

“Composing haiku now of all times? You sure have some guts!”

Ayuko expressed her shock while knocking the minor spirit out of some girls who approached while drooling.

“Did you know humor keeps evil spirits away?”

“What we need now is a righteous fist, not humor!”

The childhood friends repelled the minor spirits with perfect teamwork.



“Looks like I can leave this to them. Now, time to get to work!”

“Ahhhhh, Sakiiiiiiiiiii~”

Once the Sex God had licked all the bodily fluids off the floor, she spoke with an eerie, low-pitched voice and twisted her tiny naked body to crawl over.

“You poor thing. Even if you did bring this on yourself. Now, time for the Uzume-style God Entertainment!”

With a red pen in each hand, the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden drew curses across Luna’s lolita body with blinding speed. These curses amplified sexual pleasure.

She drew them on the girl’s flat chest, sides, belly, and inner thighs before smoothly circling behind the girl and drawing more on her butt, back, and nape. Her hands seemed to blur as they moved at super speed to draw out the crimson curses.

The power of the Sex God possessing Luna erased the curses in just a few seconds, but as Saki continually redrew them, the lingering effect gradually grew.

“Ahhh, ahhhhhn! Hot, so hooooot! My body is throbbing!?”

“That throbbing comes from the curse possessing you, so I will consume it to give you peace!”

The Sex God’s low, muffled voice and Luna’s own cute, high-pitched voice mixed together as the blonde girl writhed, so Saki embraced her and began a delicate but intense caress.

“Nh, kiss, kiss, mh, lick, lick, lick.”

When she kissed the girl’s budding breasts and gently flicked the light pink nipples with her tongue, the slim naked body trembled with pleasure.

“Ah, ahh, ahhhhhhn! Sakiiii!”

The blonde necromancer twisted her body from the intense pleasure and lust.

(The curses were effective, so this should work.)

While skillfully moving her body around to stay out of Luna’s reach, Saki pleasured that undeveloped body with a caress primarily composed of kisses and finger techniques.

While pinching and massaging the nipples, she lightly bit and licked the side with the outlines of the girl’s ribs showing and then she buried her face in that childish crotch.

“Nyaaaahn! Nh, ahhhn! Saki…Saki Onee-chaaaaaan!”

When she used her tongue on the tiny hairless slit, Luna sobbed with a mixture of childishness and sex appeal and she pushed her small butt upwards.

“This seems to be the area controlling Luna’s mind. In that case…kiss, lick, lick, slurp, slurp.”

The small slit opened up as Saki continued running her tongue along it. The small flower within was still an adorably delicate bud, but the pink flesh gave off the scent of young nectar.

“What a cute little pussy. I’ll just have to lick that nice and good to melt both it and the Sex God possessing you.”

Saki pressed her lips to the vaginal entrance, sucked out the love juices, and then stuck her tongue inside the tight hole.

“Ahhhhn! Y-yes! Saki Onee-chan, it feels so good!”

Luna’s small nude body arched its back so far it looked like her hips were going to break and then she began trembling. Her lower body was skinny enough to see the shape of her pelvis and both her wet slit and cute anus were twitching with arousal.

Saki heard an odd sound as black smoke-like ectoplasm erupted from the girl’s back, wriggled through the air, and formed dark tentacles.

“So the Sex God is fighting back.”

She continued the intense cunnilingus while glaring at the serpentine ropes of flesh.

They were about 10cm thick and looked like octopus tentacles covered in black fur. Instead of suckers, they had thick lips that kept opening and closing.

The creepy tentacles crawled all around Saki’s body and the lip-like suckers audibly sucked at her.

“Nkh, khh, these lips…have a tongue? Ahhh, in my ass too?”

The suckers sucked at her nipples, navel, vulva, and anus and produced an obscene sound as they sought the shrine maiden’s nutrient-rich bodily fluids. The one greedily sucked up her love juices, but the one at her anus found little there and inserted its tongue-like organ to lick all over the flesh within.

“Ah, nhh, th-this is nothing!”

While trembling from the pleasure of having her body sucked at, the Curse Eater continued licking Luna’s pussy, gently sucked at her small but erect clit, and filled that undeveloped body with the pleasures of a woman.

“Ahh, ahhhhn, ah, ah, ah, hyah! Yes, right there!”

The thorough licking of the blonde girl’s sensitive flesh bud sent her tiny butt hopping up and faintly milky love juices squirting from her small vagina.

“Nh, slurp, gulp. I’ll pleasure you here too.”

With a victorious glint in her eye, Saki soaked her fingers in Luna’s love juices and began softly caressing her cutely twitching anus.

“Hyah, ahhhhn! That’s dirty! Wait!”

While fingers massaged and fingernails lightly scratched the most embarrassing part of her body, the blonde girl’s pleasure-addled mind came back into focus and she cried out in embarrassment while pushing her hips upwards.

“I’ll lick it clean for you. Nh, kiss, lick, lick, lick.”

The shrine maiden smiled at the opposite reactions of the younger girl’s mind and body before she kissed the contracting anus and ran her tongue along each of the small wrinkles.

“Kyahhhn! That tickles…and it feels good! Ahhhn, it’s embarrassing, but more. Do it more! Lick it more!”

The girl cried out in anal pleasure even as the tentacles growing from her wrapped around Saki’s body and fought back. The tentacles’ soft fur tickled her skin and the lip suckers stuck out their tongues to lick every one of her erogenous zones.

The sucker at her vulva skillfully peeled back the clitoral hood and began simultaneously licking and sucking the clitoris within.

“Ah, nh! Hyah, ah, if you suck there…it’ll transform!”

The Sex Root reacted to the Sex God’s caress by manifesting itself against her will and rising erect from her crotch while dripping with precum.

A sweet throbbing ran through the twitching pillar of flesh as the drooling suckers approached it.

“Oh, no! I can’t let them attack there! Forgive me, but I’m putting it in you!”

Saki lifted up Luna, placed the penis head against the blonde girl’s tongue-loosened anus, and thrust inside to shelter her penis from the tentacles.

“Hyaaaah! M-my butt! Kyaaaaaaaaahhn!”

When the girl took that hot and hard rod in a hole that had never before been penetrated, she arched her back and unleashed a sweet scream.

The Sex God had allowed another god to enter the body it was using as a vessel, so the tentacles gathered around Saki to fight back against the Sex Root.

“I won’t let you! Tree spirit, give me your strength!”

Saki resisted by summoning another god from within herself.

Tree root tentacles grew from the stage’s floor and tangled around the Sex God tentacles to keep them from moving.

“Luna, bear with it a while longer. I will defeat this Sex God within your body!”

The Curse Eater held the blonde girl tight, endured the tight squeezing of the virgin anus, licked Luna’s armpit and neck, and rubbed her tensed belly to help calm it. That caress helped the girl’s entire body relax which also loosened her ass a bit.

“Ah, it’s starting to feel good in my butt. Weird but good. Ahhh, wait, now I feel something hot. Ahhhhn, Saki Onee-chaaaan!”

The scorching wave of pleasure rising from the blonde girl’s anus caused her undeveloped nude body to flush pink and writhe about.

The impish wickedness from earlier vanished as the proud necromancer became a girl overwhelmed by the unknown pleasure of her first time doing anal.

“Oh, this will feel even better soon. Ugh, I’m going to start moving. Nh, khhhhn!”

The shrine maiden moved her hips gently while making sure it was not too much for the tight virgin ass.

She pulled her hips back until the head nearly pulled out, waited for the anus to relax after it tensed from the frictional pleasure, and then pushed it back inside.

“Ahhhhn! So deep! That’s so deep!”

As the erection rubbed deep inside her, Luna cried out and clung to Saki’s body.

“You feel a sweet resonance deep inside you when I thrust in, don’t you? Just relax and enjoy it.”

Saki kissed the blonde girl who was experiencing this internal pleasure for the first time and she used her hips to increase her own desire to ejaculate.

“Ahhhhhn, everything in my belly feels so good. Saki Onee-chan, your penis is filling me up! Ahh, yes, there! It feels so good!”

The blonde girl cried out happily while her sphincter intermittently convulsed and squeezed the erection fully buried inside her.

“Nh, kh. May I cum inside you, Luna?”

“Yes! Cum inside me! Squirt all your hot white penis juice inside me!”

While the blonde girl enjoyed the sensation of the Sex Root filling up her tight anus, she cutely and sexily begged Saki to cum inside her.

“Nh, nhhh. Okay, accept the power of a god!”

The shrine maiden tightly held that tiny body trembling from anal pleasure and unleashed divine semen inside that impish girl’s ass.

“Hyah, it’s so hot! Ahhh, I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’m cummiiiiiing! Hyaaaaaaaaaaaahn!!”

Luna’s cry of ecstasy signaled the end of the sexual battle held in the cafeteria.



Three days later, Private Kaihou Academy’s spring festival was held like normal.

A special countermeasures team from the Exorcism Agency had cleaned up afterwards, so none of the students thought that incident had really happened.

Except for four: the three members of the Urban Legend Research Club and the Student Council President who monitored them.

That group had quietly gathered in the clubroom.

“It looks like no one remembers what happened. Although I honestly find it hard to believe myself. Was it a terrorist attack using a hallucinogenic gas?”

President Ayuko was an occult skeptic.

“Are you still saying that, Ayu-nee? That was no hallucination. It was a legit paranormal phenomenon! And it worked out in the end, so all’s well that ends well, I guess?”

Shinji spoke in his usual tone of voice. He seemed to have regained his confidence after knocking out most of the possessed students on his own.

“Exactly right. No one remembers a thing, so let’s call it a job well done.”

Saki gave a somewhat mischievous smile as she agreed, but there was a gentler look hidden behind it.

She had secretly drawn a curse on those two to provide some light mental manipulation. For Ayuko, she had made the incident feel less real and more like a dream. For Shinji, she had suppressed the self-hatred he had succumbed to. That way neither of them would worry too much.

(Because I don’t want our relationship to get too awkward and I don’t want to trouble them too much. Your school life should be an enjoyable thing.)

The Curse Eater wished for a peaceful school life full of smiles.

“By the way, what happened to that Luna girl?”

Yuka brought up Luna Illusia who had been taken away by the Exorcism Agency while still unconscious.

“She will be held in custody for a while and likely interrogated. Fortunately, no one was hurt or killed and it does not seem she was working with any other Lemegeton members, so I expect she will be equipped with a cursed item to restrict her powers and then released under surveillance.”

Saki hid nothing about what would happen to the blonde girl.

“Is that so? That seems awfully light punishment after what she did to you and the other students.”

Yuka still resented Luna, so she did not like the sound of that.

“I managed to seal the Sex God that spontaneously manifested there and the agency I belong to acquired one of the 10 functioning replicas of Solomon’s Bell, so we came out ahead on this one. …But enough of that gloomy talk. Let’s go enjoy the festival!”

Saki stood up with high hopes for the music and crowds she heard outside.

“Agreed. Let’s go check everything out together.”

Yuka quickly cheered up, gave a lovable smile, and rubbed up against Saki like a kitten loving on its master.

“Well, sorry you hate my beloved clubroom so much. But it is true I’m getting hungry, so let’s go grab a bite at the maid café Tokiwagi-san’s class is running!”

Shinji stood up with a somewhat pervy grin on his face.

“Shinji, please don’t leer at the girls with that look on your face!”

“I won’t, Ayu-nee.”

“Don’t call me that! Now, let’s get going.”

The incident had strengthened the bonds between those four who now left to enjoy the festival.