Curse Eater: Third Seal - Sex Dream Doll

A song name appeared on the large screen and the intro began to play.

“That’s the song I requested. Okay, Yuka, let’s sing it together!”

“D-do I really have to sing too…?”

Saki was overflowing with confidence and Yuka stood next to her holding a microphone with a mixture of embarrassment and tension on her face. She tensed up while exposed to their classmates’ eyes.

“Don’t worry. I’m with you.”

The transfer student girl put her arm around the shoulders of this friend she was in a sexual relationship with and she easily cleared the first high note. Her beautiful voice filled the room.

“It’s our class’s songstress: Tokky!”

“You sing too, Class Rep! I wish I could sing a lovey-dovey duet like that♪”

Yuka joined in for the duet part while the other girls in their class cheered them on.

They were in a room at one of the city’s karaoke boxes.

Around a dozen schoolgirls were gathered there to throw a welcome party for Tokiwagi Saki.

Saki had picked up a microphone as soon as she set foot in the room and earned the new title of “songstress” by perfectly singing the latest hits, anime songs, classic hits, and even a somber ''enka''. She helped bring the welcome party alive.

“Ohhh! New discovery: the Class Rep can sing too!”

“Yukimura-san, I’ve never heard you sing before, but your singing voice is super cute! I think I’m in love.”

“You two are so good I bet you could go pro.”

Yuka blushed in embarrassment but perfectly harmonized with Saki’s beautiful voice while their classmates showered them with praise.

“Sigh, I somehow made it through the song. That was so embarrassing I feel dizzy. …I’m going to visit the restroom.”

After the song, Yuka left the room with her face still flushed.

“Tokki, thanks.”

Once Yuka left, a girl wearing a sash saying “Party Leader” sat next to Saki and spoke to her.

“Hm? Have I done anything worthy of thanks?”

The transfer student, who was known as Tokki by her classmates, tilted her head a little.

“I’m talking about the Class Rep…Yukimura-san. She’d always been so unapproachable, but she’s really opened up since you arrived.”

“I see. I’m glad to hear that and it makes me feel good,” said Saki with a gentle smile. “Yuka is a good person, so try to continue being her friend.”

Yukimura Yuka had become the vessel for a Sex Root, a phallic Sex God that created a maddening urge to ejaculate, so she had been terrified of contact with others so as not to stimulate her sex drive.

But after meeting Saki, a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden, she periodically received a calming ceremony that had brought back her original bright personality.

“I’m back. Ah ha ha. I got a little lost.”

Yuka returned with a bashful smile.

“Probably because all the doors look the same. Now, let’s sing another song together.”

The girl now known as a songstress used the terminal to search for a duet song.

“Ehh!? But I’m still worn out from singing the last one.”

“Oh, in that case, let’s all sing together.”

The Party Leader girl wrapped her arms around Yuka and Saki’s shoulders from behind and made a suggestion.

“I vote for that! I’ll take a selfie of us all singing and turn it into a photo sticker!”

“Yuka, are you okay with that?”

“Yes, if it’s with everyone…”

The Class Rep answered Saki’s question with a happy but embarrassed smile.

Now that everyone had opened up, the girls’ party grew even livelier.



“Sorry we couldn’t participate in the club activities yesterday. The party went on until just barely before the curfew for the girls dorm.”

Afterschool the next day, Saki and Yuka made an excuse for skipping club activities without advance notice.

“It doesn’t really matter. I’m used to being alone in here, after all. But it would’ve been nice if you called me or left a note.”

Shinji sounded a little sulky.

“You were not alone yesterday! I was here with you!”

For some reason, Student Council President Inagami Ayuko was in the clubroom today as well and she snapped at Shinji.

“Ayu-nee, you were only here for half an hour lecturing me and complaining before leaving because you had Student Council work!”

“Oh? Salty was alone with Shinji engaging in some verbal SM? That must have been fun.”

Saki gave a mischievous grin as she tried to calm them down.

“Don’t call me Salty! A-and it was not verbal SM! Tokiwagi-san, why do you have to take everything in such a dirty direction!?”

The President had a very low tolerance for dirty talk, so she shouted back in anger.

“When a healthy teenage boy and girl are in a room alone together, is it not the natural way of the world for things to head in that direction?”

“It is not!” “It absolutely is not!”

The President and the urban legend boy denied it in perfect harmony.

“Saki-san… I don’t think you should say so many sexual things.”

Even Yuka gently drove the point home.

“Mh, I feel like all three of you are ganging up on me. But depending on the situation, getting gangbanged could be fun. Yes…”

Saki crossed her arms in a way that emphasized her massive tits and spoke in an oddly sexy way.

“We’re telling you to stop saying stuff like that! Shinji, quit smirking and get your meeting started!”

“Wh-what? Is an observer trying to take control of our club activities? You’re abusing your authority.”

When his upperclassman and childhood friend addressed him, Shinji quickly looked away from Saki’s large breasts which were showing off their attractive springiness as her crossed arms pushed them up.

“I am simply promoting wholesome club activities! This is the Urban Legend Research Club, not the Dirty Jokes Club, right!?”

“Fine, fine. Then let’s start with the Urban Legend Research Club’s first activities planning meeting.”

With that announcement, the boy hooked his personal laptop up to the old desktop that came with the room and displayed a map of the city.

“This city has a lot of mystery spots, so I was thinking we could select the ones most suited for investigation.”

Saki and the other girls peered at the map on the desktop computer screen. It had several small flat markers that provided notes on a location when the cursor hovered over it.

“A mystery spot tour, hm? Well, that sounds about right.”

Saki moved the mouse around to check different spots and smiled a little when she noticed the notes on the Hanging Tree where she had sealed a Demigod and the Ubatama Well where she and Shinji had encountered a Sex God the other day.

“Make sure these ‘investigations’ don’t turn into group dates.”

Ayuko viewed the map through her glasses and warned the boy with an ‘older sister’ tone of voice.

“You sure are a worrier. No one’s going to do that…probably.”

“What was that probably for!? If you’re a guy, be more sure of yourself!”

The diligent Student Council President applied further pressure to her childhood friend after his vague answer.

“I just had a great idea. Salty can join us on our investigations. Shinji would enjoy that and then she won’t feel left out if it does turn into a group date.”

Saki’s nonchalant suggestion caused Ayuko and Shinji’s faces to tense up.

“I-I don’t have time for that with my Student Council work!”

“Y-yeah, her Student Council activities would be more important…”

The childhood friends agreed in perfect harmony.

“U-um, I’m the Student Council Secretary, so if you’re that busy, I could help you.”

Yuka was both the Secretary and a member of the Urban Legend Research Club, so she made a suggestion with an apologetic look on her face.

“Yukimura-san, you are doing more than enough as the Secretary already. I just have a lot of work piling up because I accept so much extra work. …And Tokiwagi-san?”

The President kindly declined Yuka’s offer, but then her face grew grim and she glared at Saki.

“Hm? What is it?”

“How many times do I have to tell you not to call me Salty!?”

The upperclassman girl who disliked that nickname moved her face in close.

“You dislike it that much? I thought the nickname would have started to grow on you by now.”

“It will never grow on me! And it’s an insult, not a nickname!”

Saki’s dumb tone of voice hurt the President’s feelings, so she slammed her hands on the desk and raised her voice. The impact caused the mouse to fall off the side of the desk and roll under the table.

“You don’t have to get that excited about it…hm? What’s that?”

When Saki peeked below the table, she noticed a paper bag at Shinji’s feet.

The large bag contained the logo of a local hobby shop and it gave off the unique sticky aura of a Sex God, although extremely faintly.

“Hey, what’s that bag? Can I see it a moment?”

“Oh? This? Well, I guess you could say it’s a target of our urban legend investigations.”

Shinji reached into the paper back and pulled out a figurine in a large box.

The clear window on the front of the box gave a view of its contents.

“I can’t see the details very well. Can I take it out?”

“Go ahead. I didn’t buy it to resell it. Oh, but don’t treat it roughly and damage it. I’ll take it out of the box.”

Shinji carefully removed the package’s contents and placed it on the table

It was a figurine depicting a naked man and woman embracing with their upper bodies bent backwards at the center of a bright red flower that looked a bit like a spread vulva.

The man and woman were apparently anthropomorphized representations of the stamen and pistil and their faces were covered by plant-themed masks.

The man had an androgynously muscular build and the woman had incredibly sexy proportions.

Their crotches were pressed together and resin the color of milky honey appeared to be dripping down from there.

A new-paint smell rose from the newly-opened figurine and Saki detected the obscene devilish aroma of a Sex God rising from it like incense smoke.

“This is what they call a porn figurine, isn’t it?”

“Wow, I’ve never seen one before. I didn’t know they sold ones that are so sexual.”

Saki and Yuka viewed the obscene figurine with interest and expressed their thoughts.

“This is not porn! It is art!”

Shinji seemed to have his own opinion on this, so he immediately rejected their assessment.

“The best-selling figurines are based on the characters and mechs that appear in anime, games, comics, and light novels, but the true connoisseurs prefer original works of art or figurines based on standalone illustrations.” The trivia-loving boy began speaking proudly. “This figurine I bought is a work of art based on a fantasy illustration. It is called the Alraune Lovers.”

“I see… The musculature and skeletal structure are quite realistic. But the crotches are another story…”

Saki sounded disappointed as she stared at the bottom half of the sculpted figures which were partially embedded in translucent resin.

“Of course not! Make those parts too detailed and they would be banned from sale.”

“The woman’s nipples are lovingly painted, but the man’s nipples aren’t painted at all…”

The girl, whose sense of shame was different from the others, made a further complaint.

“I don’t think many people would want to see the man’s nipples colored in.”

“Are you sure? Anyway, how many of these figurines are out there?”

The Curse Eater casually reached out a hand to investigate the aura rising from the figurine. She wrinkled her brow a bit as she asked the question.

“That I couldn’t tell you. It wasn’t made by a major figurine maker, so I doubt it’s in the tens of thousands. Why do you want to know?”

“I was just curious how much things like this tend to sell.”

She made an excuse and stole a glance at Yuka who sat beside her.

“Um, Saki-san? Is there something about this figurine? Like…?”

The vessel girl did not seem to have detected the faint Sex God aura, but she must have noticed something in Saki’s expression and tone of voice.

“Hm? Oh, it’s nothing much. I’m simply curious. So how many were produced?”

She calmed Yuka with a smile and then asked Shinji again.

“Let’s see. I doubt it’s just a few hundred, so maybe more than a thousand but less than several thousand? It’s unusual for figurines like this to sell all that well.”

“I see. So between a few hundred and a few thousand…hm.”

Saki took on a contemplative look.

(The Sex God’s core probably resides in the original version of the figurine. Mass-producing detailed copies of that turned them into vessels possessed by copies of the god. Each individual one is not enough to harm anyone, but if they were gathered together…)

“I like this company’s artistic figurine series, so I have a few others. I’ll bring them to show you sometime.”

The boy mistakenly thought Saki was interested in the figurine itself, so he started bragging.

“I thought it was only occult things for you, but you have multiple obsessions, don’t you?” said the transfer student girl half in exasperation and half in admiration.

“Broad and deep – that’s my motto. From the occult to cutting-edge science and even to the subculture, I thoroughly explore every genre I take an interest in.”

“Doesn’t that just mean you’re the unfaithful type? And why do you have to focus on all this bizarre nonsense when you’re so athletic? Honestly.”

Ayuko had remained silent until now, but she could hold back her complaints no longer.

“You’ve always been such a lecturer, Ayu-nee.”

“Don’t call me that! And I’m not lecturing you! I’m just lamenting your wasted talents!”

The serious Student Council President pointed straight at her childhood friend’s nose and shouted back at him.

“It’s better than being called Salty, right? And I always used to call you Ayu-nee as a sign of affection.”

“W-well, yes, you did…”

Ayuko agreed with a vague expression that looked somewhat happy.

“Come to think of it, didn’t you say that porn figurine was a target of our investigations?”

Saki interrupted the childhood friends, shattering the nice atmosphere developing between them.

“There are some strange rumors about the figurine spreading online.”

“Oh? Such as?”

“Leave it next to your pillow and you’ll have a romantic dream about your crush. Some posts claim to have experienced it and they say it’s a really raw sort of dream.”

A perverted smile appeared on the urban legend boy’s lips as she explained.

“Hm. In other words, you have a hot and dirty sex dream as an outlet for all your hidden lust for that person?”

“You don’t have to state it so directly. It’s only a romantic dream powered by your love! It is not a sex dream! Thus, this is worth investigating!”

Shinji clenched his fist with a sparkle in his eyes.

“A night with your crush / Is your underwear dirty / after the sex dream?”

Saki composed a lewd haiku with a mischievous grin.

“Again, can’t you soften your phrasing a little!?”

The Urban Legend Research Club’s leader chided the new member who loved bringing everything in a sexual direction.

“Hey, you say the dream is about your crush…but who is that for you, Shinji?”

Ayuko asked a probing question of her childhood friend.

“Eh? No, no one really…and it’s not like a crush is something you can just come out and talk about…ah ha ha ha.”

Shinji’s halfhearted response put a sullen look on the glasses girl’s face.

“Why are you two talking about crushes, Shinji and Salty? Aren’t you practically a couple already?” muttered Saki.

“Wha-!? What are you talking about!?”

The President was too flustered to get angry about being called Salty and even her ears grew red.

“You don’t need to freak out like that. The world is set up so that boys almost always fall for an older childhood friend and have their first time with her.”

“Th-that is not true!” “We don’t live in a porn comic!”

The two of them protested in perfect harmony.

“A-anyway, I’m confiscating this!”

Ayuko spoke in a suppressed voice as she snatched the figurine from the deck.

“How heartless can you be!? I was planning to investigate the rumors tonight!”

“Even if it’s only a dream, I cannot allow a pervert like you to use this for such an obscene purpose! If you need someone to investigate the rumors, then you can get a neutral opinion from a skeptic like me!”

Ayuko stared down her childhood friend through her glasses, skillfully wrapped up the figurine containing a Sex God copy, and stuck it in the bag.

“Wait, wait! This is going too far! What has you so upset, Ayu-nee?”

“I am not upset! I am using my privileges as an observer!”

Shinji tried to snatch the figurine back, so the President kept her distance, held the bag to her mostly-flat chest, and announced that in a clearly upset voice.

“You tyrant! I don’t recall agreeing to that privilege!”

“I am the Student Council President. That means I stand at the top of this school’s autonomous student activities! I am like a god. And I am confiscating this figurine with that authority. Got that!?”

She spun around and left the clubroom before anyone could stop her.

“Calling yourself a god? Not bad, Salty. …Hey, she would love it if you chased after her and told her she’s your crush.”

Saki egged on the feminist boy with what did not at all sound like a joke.

“I-I could never say something so embarrassing! Sigh…I’m exhausted. We should probably call it quits for today.”

The boy was not used to a girl’s jealousy, so he announced the end of club activities while looking weary in both body and soul.



Inside a dark room, Saki’s beautiful face was illuminated by the white light of a computer monitor.

“Hm. The history of the original figurine’s sculptor didn’t turn anything up.”

She had returned to her apartment where she accessed the Exorcist Agency’s information network and gathered all data she could on the figurine.

The Exorcist Agency used a proprietary search engine that constructed the ultimate occult database by gathering, categorizing, and inspecting all occult-related data found online.

Saki expanded her search terms to find incidents and accidents that occurred near the sculptor’s residence and place of business.

“A few members of a new cult died in a fire in the same neighborhood as his apartment… That sounds fishy.”

The Curse Eater’s curvy naked body was sexily hidden by only a bath towel as she rested her round butt in a comfortable net chair and continued searching for details of the incident.

“So they preached about spiritual sex – sex acts that surpass the bonds of the physical body by using astral projection.”

After calling up details on the cult, the girl noticed some even more interesting information and narrowed her eyes.

“The man who founded the cult was almost certainly able to perform astral projection. Did his physical body die while he was enjoying some spiritual sex and his stranded soul ended up in the original figurine? A human spirit would have the easiest time residing in a humanoid object…”

Saki continued her reasoning while brushing her hand through her glossy black hair which was still a little damp.

“It is entirely possible. But in that case, he should have become no more than a possessing spirit. However…”

The Curse Eater girl’s eyes sharpened as she viewed the monitor.

“The real problem is that the figurine was mass-produced. That created hundreds or thousands of copies that have been absorbing sexual energy through sex dreams. If I don’t do something soon, he will rapidly gather strength and become something quite powerful. I need to get started before it’s too late. …Time to go sex dream hunting!”

The girl tensed her expression and stood up. She threw aside the towel wrapped around her, exposing a naked body capable of charming gods.



“Will this thing really make you dream about your crush?”

Serious Student Council President Inagami Ayuko lay face down on her dorm bed and stared at the figurine on the side table.

She had just taken a bath, she wore light pink pajamas, and her slightly-flushed face had relaxed from its usual tension at school. She now gave off the innocent sex appeal befitting her age.

The body contained in the comfortable cotton did not have an ample bust, but it had feminine curves from the butt to the thighs and the waist was skinny for an overall slender build.

“Sigh. What is wrong with me? Why do I get so irritated?”

It was too late now, but she felt bad for confiscating the figurine because her childhood friend’s indecisive behavior had irritated her so much.

She could not stop thinking about where Shinji’s gaze had turned when he mentioned “your crush”. He had clearly been looking at that transfer student girl who always said such indecent things.

(Does he like that Tokiwagi-san girl? Ahh, I just can’t stand it!)

Ayuko held her pillow to a chest that was clearly less appealing than Saki’s and she rolled side to side on the bed.

Tokiwagi Saki herself had suggested Shinji and Ayuko were practically a couple already.

“She couldn’t be more wrong. It looks like he isn’t interested.”

She rolled onto her back and looked up at the ceiling while breathing a heavy sigh.

She pictured the younger boy, who she had developed some feelings for after spending so much time with him since she was little. Her serious personality left her unsure how to handle these feelings.

“If it can’t happen in reality, maybe I could experience it in a dream. …Sigh, what am I expecting from this hunk of plastic?”

She looked to the obscene figurine once more and breathed a sad sigh.

“Well, I said I would, so I guess I have to investigate it. Not that anything is going to happen…yawn…”

The roiling in her chest would not settle down and she suppressed a smile, but then she heard the doorbell ringing.

(A visitor at this hour? Who could it be?)

She got up, put on her slippers, and walked to the door.

“Good evening, Salty♪”

“Tokiwagi-san!? Why are you in the girl’s dorm?”

Her eyes widened at the girl standing outside the door in her school uniform.

“They let me in when I showed them my student ID.”

The confusing transfer student answered in her usual dumb way.

“That isn’t what I meant. Why are you visiting my room so late at night!?”

The girl worrying over her unrequited feelings returned to being the serious Student Council President and asked a thorny question of the girl who might be her rival in love.

“I thought we could investigate the sex dream together. Now, I’d rather not stand out here chatting, so I’m coming in.”

The rude transfer student barged right in without an invitation.

“Hm. It’s a small but functional room.”

“W-wait, why are you so forceful!?”

Ayuko snapped at Saki who was looking around her private space with interest.

“You were forceful yourself when you confiscated the figurine in the clubroom.”

Saki stopped in the center of the room and stared straight at Ayuko with a deep obsidian light in her eyes.

“I-I…wasn’t thinking. Shinji must be mad.”

“No, he said he was exhausted and ended club activities early, but he didn’t look mad. Anyway, let’s get investigating. So let’s sleep!”

Saki sat down on the rug placed over the wooden flooring and began spreading out a compact camping mattress she had brought in a bag.

“Wait, you’re seriously going to do this?”

“Of course I am. Everything is more fun with two people.”

The room’s owner raised her voice in confusion, but she found she could not refuse as the intruder girl completed her makeshift bed with a fleece blanket.

“Now to prepare myself.”

The unfazed girl stood up and began stripping off her uniform while humming happily.

“Wh-why are you stripping!?”

“Sleeping in my uniform wouldn’t be very comfortable, would it?”

Saki showed no sign of embarrassment as she stripped down to a pair of simple white panties. She of course also wore the leather bondage belts of her exorcist outfit, but the impression reduction curse meant Ayuko saw her as wearing nothing but the panties.

“I normally sleep in the nude, but I will keep my underwear on tonight.”

“In the nude? You’re like this in your personal life too?”

The President had a complex about her flat chest, so she stared enviously at Saki’s curvy proportions while complaining.

“Goodnight.”

Saki lay on the mattress, wrapped the fleece blanket around her, curled up in the fetal position, and shut her eyes.

“Hold on! F-first of all, why do I have to share a room with you!? I don’t remember agreeing to that!”

Ayuko had let the shameless intruder walk all over her, but she finally saw a chance to fight back and criticized her underclassman.

“What, you aren’t going to sleep?”

“How can I!? Why do I have to investigate lewd dreams with you of all people…?”

Ayuko felt jealousy, confusion, and – most of all – powerful envy of Saki’s unrestrained behavior.

“Then allow me to provide a charm for peaceful sleep.”

Saki sat up, reached out a lithe arm, and poked Ayuko’s forehead with her index finger.

“Wha-!? What are you doing? You can’t make me go to sleep…just by…poking…yawn…”

The hypnotism charm drawn on that finger was transferred to the President’s forehead, so she collapsed onto the bed and began breathing comfortably.

“That should do it. …Now, time for me to sleep too.”

Saki placed a blanket over the room’s slumbering owner before curling up in her makeshift bed and setting off for the world of dreams.



(Looks like it worked.)

Saki slowly opened her eyes while lying on her side and enveloped by a comfortable floating sensation.

She was in a space of warm air.

She was curled up in the fetal position and she felt a black floor with the perfect springiness of a polyurethane mattress. A faintly phosphorescent fog hung around her, so she could not see very far.

She sat up and found she could not see the ceiling and the white-glowing fog seemed to continue forever. The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden was all alone in a silent and scentless space ruled by stillness and emptiness.

“This fantastical stage does seem about right for the world of dreams. And these clothes…are they the Sex God’s preference? An oddly worldly choice…”

Saki gave a fairly exasperated bitter smile when she looked down at herself.

She had gone to sleep in her underwear, but she now wore a gym shirt, bloomers, and black socks. The shirt was too small for her, so her large bust pushed out the chest to the point that the cloth was stretched close to the breaking point and pulled the bottom up enough to reveal her tight stomach and shapely navel.

She wore the leather belts of her exorcist outfit below the gym clothes since they fused with her spiritual body when she wore them, but she wore no underwear of any kind.

The bloomers wrapped around her butt were also too small, so the plump shape of her butt showed through.

(My body feels heavy. It’s like my strength is drained when I try to move. Is this how the dream binds me?)

She tried to stand up but found she could not. She ended up on all fours with her butt sticking up and she could not move from there.

Her pose was just like a girl asking to be penetrated from behind, so the too-small bloomers rode up into her butt and pressed tightly against her round mons pubis, showing off the youthful sex appeal of her lower body.

(So the master of this sex dream prefers this kind of fetishistic outfit, does he? Will he be showing up soon?)

Even with her movements restricted, the girl kept a dignified and calm expression devoid of concern or fear. Several presences moved around her. Black shadows that she could just barely make out as human forms appeared in the depths of the glowing fog.

The figures were made from solidified black smoke and they surrounded Saki while their outlines rippled unsteadily and they split apart or fused together.

(They can’t find a clear form to take because they lack sufficient information on me. These are simple copies, so I need to bear with it until the real one makes an appearance.)

The Sex God copies gathered around the paralyzed gym clothes girl, reached out hands with fluctuating fingers, and began teasing her youthful body.

They rubbed the curves of her butt which threatened to burst from the dark blue bloomers and obscene finger-movements traced up and down the line from her butt crack to her mons pubis.

Her giant breasts continued to defy gravity even while she was on all fours and hands grabbed them through the gym shirt and kneaded them in large circles.

Cold and rough fingers crawled along her plump thighs and the stomach left exposed by the shirt. They even teased the indentation of her navel.

“Nn…that feels quite realistic. …But it isn’t enough to get a reaction out of me.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden wrinkled her brow at the persistent teasing of her body, but there was a bold smile on her face.

“Hwohhhhh~, hwahhhhh~”

For a few minutes, the black shadows continued teasing her body in silence, but then they stopped their caressing hands and raised wind-like voices.

“Heh heh heh. What’s wrong? Upset I’m not writhing in pleasure? It seems your caress is greatly weakened when you can’t take the shape of the person’s crush.”

The Curse Eater provoked the Sex God copies gathered around her hot body.

She had also drawn a pleasure suppression curse on her body, so she was not reacting to the shadows’ caress and she felt none of the waves of pleasure the Sex God hoped to create.

(If he realizes his copies aren’t going to get anywhere, the actual Sex God should show up. That’s stage one of my plan. …Now, what will you do, god of sex dreams!)

She was trapped in the dream and unable to move, but the girl remained entirely triumphant as the glowing fog slowly parted.

“Nh, no, stop! Don’t touch me there…noooo!”

The fog split like a door opening and a girl’s cute and alluring voice reached Saki’s ears.

“Is that Salty’s voice? Her sex dream is connected to mine?”

Finally, the upperclassman girl suddenly appeared within arm’s reach.

The diligent Student Council President still had her trademark glasses, but she wore a white racing swimsuit, she sat with her legs spread, and someone held her from behind.

The other girl was being tormented as a sexual show for the Curse Eater who was resisting the sex dream.



“Nh, no, stop… I said stop! Hyah…ahhhhn!”

Inagami Ayuko, Student Council President of Kaihou Academy, was having her breasts and crotch groped in the fog. Having someone else’s fingers teasing her body was embarrassing, but it felt unbelievably good and her heart wavered harshly between rejection and acceptance.

Her slender body was contained in a pure white racing swimsuit. When she asked why she was wearing it, the rational part of her mind said this had to be a dream, but the pleasure she felt was far too real, which only confused her.

“No, Shinji, stop!”

The raw pleasure and unrealistic situation sent the girl halfway into a panic and she cried out with a sweet, nasally voice to address the person who was holding her in his arms and caressing her.

“Why should I, Ayu-nee? You wanted me to tease you like this, didn’t you?”

Iwakura Shinji wore his school uniform and he continued his caress while whispering into her flushed ear.

His right hand was trying to slip into her crotch which she strictly guarded with both her hands and his left hand kneaded the modest mounds of her bust through the thin material of the swimsuit.

“Ayu-nee, be true to your desires so we can show it off to her.”

“Eh? Her? Her who?”

The surrounding fog rapidly cleared away as if to answer her question.

“Salty…?”

She heard a familiar girl’s voice.

She looked up and saw Saki down on all fours in gym clothes.

“Hwah, Tokiwagi-san!? No, don’t look! Noooo, dooooon’t!”

The President cried out and writhed in embarrassment at being seen like this, but Shinji only intensified his caress.

“Ah, ahn! N-no…Tokiwagi-san is watching!”

The girl was convinced Saki was her rival in love, but her body twisted and her voice shook with pleasure as her modest bust was teased and her nipples were pinched while they made visible bumps in the swimsuit.

“What does that matter? Let’s show her how much we love each other. C’mon, quit being so stubborn and move your hands so I can touch your pussy.”

The Sex God copy disguised as Shinji bit the childhood friend’s flushed ear with his lips and whispered that obscene line.

“W-we can’t do that! We can’t! The school rules…forbid…nhahhn!”

As he rubbed her inner thighs, she diligently rejected his demand, but a seductive urge began to burn hot in her chest.

(Shinji loves me more than Tokiwagi-san…is loving me more than her…b-but…)

She feared letting him touch her genitals would prevent them from being childhood friends anymore, but that fear had to contend with a sexual urge to offer all of herself to his fingers.

“Ayu-nee, if you won’t let me touch you, maybe I’ll touch Tokiwagi-san’s pussy instead.”

The clever copy mentioned the transfer student she saw as a rival and worked to stir up the maiden-in-love’s emotions.

“No, not her… You can’t touch anyone else, Shinji!”

The President who loved Shinji shouted a line which made Saki smile bitterly as she watched.

“Then let me touch your pussy, Ayu-nee. You love me, don’t you? And this is just a dream, so you’re free to be as sexual as you want.”

“A dream? Then…y-you can…touch me…but be gentle.”

After some slight hesitation, Ayuko blushed, closed her eyes, spoke in a trembling voice, and slowly relaxed the hands that had been so strictly defending her crotch. Her heart pounded behind her flat chest and her crotch throbbed with lewd expectation of what was to come.

“Heh heh heh heh. Good girl. …Then I’ll get started.”

The boy bent his finger like hooks and scratched along the unguarded crotch of the racing swimsuit.

“Hyah! Kyahhhh…!”

The pure white material was already skintight against her crotch and his finger pushed it into the slit, revealing the obscene vertical line as it slid upwards. Once arriving at the top of the slit, it located and flicked the sensitive flesh bud there. The unbelievably sweet shock sent a tingle through Ayuko’s crotch.

“Hee! Hyaaaahn! N-not there! Ahhhn!”

The focused attack on her greatest weak point caused her slender body to jerk violently in the boy’s arms. She reflexively tried to close her thighs to escape the too-powerful stimulation, but her healthy legs remained spread and her hands were weak.

“Oh, your clit is getting hard, Ayu-nee. See? It’s really poking out here.”

The Sex God disguised as Shinji spoke loud enough for Saki to hear while he pinched, rubbed, and scratched the maiden’s weak point.



“No, if you do it that hard…s-stop! Ee, hee, haaaaahn! Wait! I said wait! Ahh, kyahhhh!”

The diligent Student Council President was overwhelmed by intense female pleasure and she cried out in a sweetly sensual voice she could never let the students at school hear. With each movement of the fingertips teasing her flesh bud, her slender body would bend back and the depths of her vagina would tremble and grow hot and damp.

“Ah, wait! No, don’t stick your finger inside! Ahhhhh! Th-that’s…that’s too far! Ah, ah, ah, nnnnh~!”

He searched out her vagina through the swimsuit and shifted his digital attack there. The girl cried out in a tense voice while her crotch pushed out and an embarrassing wet stain spread across the pure white crotch material.

(Ahh, I’m wet… It’s so embarrassing, but it feels so good. Shinji is loving me!)

The burning flame of embarrassment amplified the pleasure which felt too real to be a dream, so she produced a seemingly endless supply of pleasure juice and her rational mind melted away.

The wet, light pink, and opened vulva showed through the white swimsuit’s soaked crotch, her vagina contracted obscenely with every movement of the fingers attacking it, and lots of sex nectar poured out.



(Why are you showing me this?)

Saki was having trouble figuring out the Sex God’s intent while her cold eyes watched what looked like Shinji tormenting Ayuko’s crotch.

Saki could hear the raw sound of sticky nectar and the wet sound of love juices squirting out. The sweet and sour sex scent reached her nose along with a warm dampness.

The sex nectar had surpassed the swimsuit’s water resistance, so sticky threads dripped from the crotch, flowed down the fingers digging at her vagina, and formed a puddle of love juices below.

“Nh…okay, this is clearly way too much…”

Before long, the puddle of pleasure juices had grown to the size of a small pond and they warmly wet the Curse Eater’s hands and knees while she sat on all fours.

“Ayu-nee, there’s an entire pool of your love juices around us. …But even after all this, you still haven’t cum? Have you never managed to cum while masturbating?”

The boy pulled his hand away from the crotch of the soaked white swimsuit after producing an abnormal amount of love juices from the girl’s vagina. This quantity was only possible because it was a sex dream.

“Pant, pant, pant, pant…ahhh…ah, ahhhn…”

The intense pleasure must have left her only partially conscious because Ayuko’s eyes looked empty below her glasses as she leaned on Shinji’s body and gasped for breath while moaning.

“Tokiwagi-san, lick off Ayu-nee’s pussy juices…”

Shinji’s fingers, which dripped with love juices, were shoved in front of Saki’s mouth after she watched the entire thing.

The indecent smell grew and feminine desire stirred deep in the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden’s vagina.

“Nh…ah, nhh…lick, lick…nh, slurp…”

The girl did as she was told. She put the fingers in her mouth, licked off the obscene flavor of someone else’s love juices, and mixed them with her saliva before swallowing.

“Link complete! Manifest here, my core!”

The copy raised his voice with a wicked smile on his lips.

The pool of love juices began to swirl around and a dark figure slowly rose from the center.

(So that was a Left-Hand Path Tantra linking ceremony. This dense aura…the real one is finally here. Now, time to start the God Entertainment!)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden sensed spiritual energy far denser than the copy’s.

“You appear to be made differently from normal humans. I will take care of you personally.”

The shadow made that announcement in a deep voice and then touched Saki’s forehead.

“Nh! Kh…”

Her memory barrier was easily neutralized and the pleasure suppression curse was blown away.

(That’s a sex dream god for you. Those tricks are useless against the real one.)

“I have read your memories, so I will take the optimal form for pleasuring you.”

The Sex God began to transform.

A figure with long, glossy black hair and a slender body with impeccable proportions stood before Saki.

The eyes on the beautifully dignified face shined like obsidian as they stared straight at the girl in gym clothes.

“Now this is a surprise. You have feelings for…yourself?”

The Sex God could not hide his surprise as he observed the transformed naked body.

“Indeed. My body is a unique thing created for God Entertainment…so of course I have some fondness for it.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden replied politely to the Sex God’s surprise at taking Saki’s form.

“Hm, with your beauty, it does make sense. The sensitivity and the scent are lovely as well. Excellent! Superb! This is the ideal…no, the perfect body!”

The Sex Dream God who looked exactly like Saki scooped up his own weighty breasts and spoke in utter joy and ecstasy.

“Your praise…honors me…”

Saki had a triumphant smile on her lips as she responded to the Sex God’s compliments.

“And that is not all. I also have something you do not!”

The Sex God proudly stuck his crotch out and an organ that should not have existed on a female body grew from it and stood so tall it nearly dug into his stomach.

(The Sex Root!? Did he copy its shape too?)

“I am the ultimate perfection! Truly a body worthy of a god! I do not want to let anyone else have it. I will take control of your body and mind to take your place in the real world!”

The Sex God seemed to like Saki’s body. He gave an obscene smile and began caressing the real Saki in the bloomers.

“Such a wonderful body… Yes, so very lovely…”

While whispering in Saki’s own voice, the Sex God leaned over her from behind, tormented the crotch of her bloomers with the erect male organ at his crotch, and dug his fingers deep into her giant tits through the gym shirt while massaging them. Saki’s body trembled from the perverted pleasure of being caressed by a Sex God who looked just like her.

“Hwah! Nkh, nhhhh, nh, l-let me…entertain you… Let me caress your hot body as well…ah, ahhhhh…”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden asked to pleasure the god while skilled fingers groped her breasts and a rock-hard flesh pillar rubbed against her mons pubis.

“Entertain me? Heh heh heh. Then I shall grant your wish in a way only possible in a sex dream.”

The Sex God stopped the thigh sex from behind and instead stood tall in front of Saki.

“You may start by pleasuring the female side!”

The Sex God stuck the copied slit in front of Saki’s moaning and trembling face and he spread the soft outer lips with both hands.

“Ah, ahh, this is…my…”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden could not take her eyes off of the lewd shape of the vulva spread before her eyes.

The slit had an innocent light pink color, the sticky inner flesh glistened seductively, and a sweetly refreshing sexual aroma rose from it.

The thin inner lips were perfectly symmetrical, the vaginal entrance was already wet, the detailed folds of flesh came together to form a pink rose bud, and the small hole of the urethra sat right above that. It all increased the perverted desire to caress it.

The clitoris was forced out of its hood by pressure from the male erection above it, so the pink pearl was exposed.

“This is your hidden flower of beautiful soft flesh. …Now, lick it with all the skill you possess!”

“Of course…nh, ahm…lick, hyahhn!”

Saki moved her face in with a look of ecstasy and ran her tongue along the soft flesh slit, but then her body gave a jump.

“Wh-what…!? Why am I feeling it…?”

As soon as she pleasured the Sex God taking her form, her own vulva felt a warm and wet tongue crawl along it, despite being protected by a leather belt.

“Did it feel good? When I linked with you earlier, I made sure any stimulation of this body would be sent to your body as well. Fall to the pleasure of your own technique! Once you fall, your body shall be mine back in the real world!”

The Sex God stuck out his hips even further to press the spread wet slit against Saki’s mouth to force further pleasuring.

“Nhh…hyah! Nmhh…lick. lick, nh…suck, ahhhh, lick, lick, lick, lick…ah, ahahhh, amh, lick…khahh.”

The raw sound of licking surrounded them like a starving puppy lapping up milk as Saki began eating a copy of her pussy.

(I-it feels so good… Does my oral really feel this good? No, my tongue won’t stop! My pussy is throbbing…ahhh, it’s overflowing!)

When she licked the thin inner lips, she felt a soft but rough tongue crawling along the crotch contained inside the bloomers. When her tongue tip flicked up at the urethra, her pubis shook from a dangerous wave of pleasure like the urge to urinate sharpened dozens of times over.

The leather belts of her exorcist outfit might as well not have existed from how much her own sex organ melted from the intense oral pleasure. The self-provided pleasure continued on and on.

“Ahh, nh, lick, lick, suuuuck!”

When tasty love juices soaked the vagina like warm nectar, she stuck her tongue tip inside, stirred it up, and sucked the overflowing nectar out. The pleasure was so great she could not think straight.

(I’ll be beaten at this rate… I’ll be beaten…by my own technique!)

The exorcist girl was intoxicated by the superb technique she had learned for the God Entertainment and she lost herself in the sex dream’s oral masturbation while seductively wiggling her butt with a wet stain on the bloomers.



“I can’t believe Saki-san left me out!”

After reading the email Saki had sent to her cellphone, Yukimura Yuka cutely pouted her lips and walked down the dorm hallway.

Her short but curvy body wore a track suit in place of pajamas.

The email had simply said, “I will help the President with her sex dream experiment.”

Saki had set her computer to send the email after a 2-hour time delay.

Still pouting, Yuka arrived at Ayuko’s room in the same dorm.

“Sorry for stopping by so late…”

With that polite comment, she tried the doorbell next to the door, but there was no response.

“Are they asleep? Or did the President go to Saki-san’s apartment for the investigation? S-surely not…”

Worried, the girl tried the doorknob. It was not locked and the door easily opened.

“President, sorry it’s so late. It’s Yukimura Yuka.”

With a hesitant announcement, she stepped inside.

The room was identical to the others. The bathroom door was to the side immediately after setting foot inside, the wall in front of that had a large storage space that went up to the ceiling, and the sliding door at the end of the short hallway between them revealed 12-square-meter dorm room.

“Nh, ah…kh…nnh.”

“No, wait… Don’t touch me…there.”

When Yuka arrived in front of the sliding door, she heard Saki’s suppressed moans and Ayuko’s embarrassed sensual voice.

(Saki-san! Don’t tell me you’re having sex with the President!)

Feeling jealous, the girl slid open the door and peered inside.

“Eh? They’re…just asleep?”

She saw Ayuko writhing a bit on the bed and Saki moaning and lying face down on a mattress on the floor.

“Saki-san…Saki-san…please wake up. It’s Yuka, Saki-san…”

Yuka whispered into the girl’s ear and shook her, but Saki showed no sign of waking.

While Yuka stared blankly at Saki, a butt wrapped in simple panties rose up in front of her eyes and wiggled alluringly.

“W-wait, are you trying to seduce me? I-I really don’t think we should have sex in the President’s room.”

Yuka blushed in embarrassment, but the sleeping beauty before her twisted her raised butt and moaned sensually.

The butt seemed to show off its volume as it dug into the panties and emphasized the shape of the charming valley and round mons pubis.

“Ahhh, ahahhhh…nh, ah, ahhh…”

Saki’s butt shook while she cried out and a wet stain spread across the crotch of the panties. An unbearably lewd aroma joined the moans echoing around the room.

“Ahh, Saki-san smells so hot… No…it’s coming out…!”

After detecting her lesbian lover’s sweet aroma, a powerful throb ran through Yuka’s crotch.

A maddening pressure rapidly grew inside her lower stomach and, before she could even hope to suppress it, it crawled out of her body.

“Kyahaaaaaahhhhn!!”

Yuka’s voice echoed through the room, her butt fell onto the wood flooring, her hands held the flesh pillar that had grown from her crotch, and her body trembled.

“Pant, pant, pant, pant. O-oh, no…that was way too loud! Ahh…”

The futanari girl gasped for breath and looked to Saki and Ayuko with tearful eyes, but neither showed any sign of waking and only continued with their sweet moaning.

“Saki-san, wake up…please wake up. My penis came out. Please rub it and pleasure it…ahhhhn, like you always do.”

With her lower body stripped bare, Yuka rubbed her cheek against Saki’s butt and begged her for a lewd act, but the beloved girl showed no sign of waking from her sexual slumber.

“Ahh, Saki-san’s butt is so smooth and wonderful. Nh, kiss, kiss.”

The futanari girl repeatedly kissed that lightly sweaty and heated butt. Her rational mind rapidly overheated and a look of ecstasy came over her face as she began licking the smooth butt.

The sexual aroma rising from Saki and Ayuko and the sweet throbbing from the male organ manifested at Yuka’s crotch caused her actions to escalate.

“Saki-san’s panties are already soaked…I bet it’s going to spill out.”

After causing Saki’s white butt and the back of her thighs to glisten with saliva, the girl made an indecent sucking sound as she planted her lips on the wet stain in the crotch of the panties.

“Nh…ahhhhn!”

When she sucked at Saki’s vagina through the fabric, Saki raised a sensual cry and new shameful juices reached Yuka’s mouth.

“Ha ha. It’s so good…I’ll take these off.”

Yuka’s eyes had grown warm and damp like she too had wandered into the sex dream. She slowly pulled down the panties that were plastered to Saki’s vulva with nectar and saliva.

After pulling them halfway down Saki’s thighs, the futanari girl focused her gaze on the most embarrassing hole hidden between the voluminous butt cheeks.

“Saki-san, even your butthole is beautiful…”

The exorcist girl’s revealed anus was unbelievably beautiful and modest, so the girl with an erection felt a warm throbbing in her chest and crotch.

Saki’s anus was a healthy pink and the well-trained muscles on either side kept it closed in a vertical line.

“Hwah, I’m going to love you here too, Saki-san…nh…kiss.”

With her chest and crotch throbbing at how naughty this was, the girl kissed that hidden bud.

“Nhyah! Kh…nhh!”

The exorcist girl trapped in a sex dream moaned from the new stimulation supplied in the real world and the sphincter repeatedly contracted.

“Saki-san, it feels good, doesn’t it? I need to pleasure you lots and lots to thank you for what you always do.”

The girl’s arousal was enhanced by the soft sensation on her tongue and the ticklish contraction of the anal sphincter when her tongue tip crawled gently along it. She focused entirely on using her tongue.

She licked all over the outside and even stuck her tongue tip inside over and over.

Saki’s hole succumbed to the persistent licking and gradually melted to allow in the tongue that brought such guilty pleasure.

“Ahh…nh, lick…”

With lust clouding her mind, the girl stuck her tongue deep inside and licked around while her small butt wiggled around to thrust her erection forward. The phallic Sex God known as the Sex Root wet the floor with an endless supply of thick precum dripping out of the tip and it throbbed with a desire to penetrate and ejaculate.

“Ahhhn! I can’t wait any longer! I want to be inside you, Saki-san. I…I want to penetrate you! Pant, pant, pant…I’m…I’m going to fuck you!”

The Sex God had partially taken over as Yuka stood on her knees and held Saki’s butt.

“I’m sorry, but I can’t wait any longer. But I’ll do it with this hole…”

Even as she apologized, she pressed the terribly swollen penis head against the bud of Saki’s anus. Then she slowly pushed forward. After so much licking and saliva, the ring of muscle only put up a slight resistance as it swallowed the girl’s erection.

“I-it’s going in! My penis is…inside Saki-san’s…b-butt! Ahhh…hwahhhhn! It’s so hot…and tight…a-and amazing!”

After inserting the erection to the base, Yuka began thrusting her hips as her desire demanded.



“Hyaaahn! Ah! Th-this is…the Sex Root!? Is Yuka…here?”

Saki had been entirely focused on eating her own pussy in the sex dream, but she cried out and returned to her senses when she sensed a Sex God’s aura opening and invading her asshole.

“Why did you stop? Go mad! Why won’t you melt your mind with your own tongue and go mad with pleasure!?”

The Sex God in charge of the sex dream impatiently demanded she continue the oral sex.

“Nh, pant, pant, pant… You can sense it too, can’t you? Another Sex God’s presence has arrived.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden licked off the love juices wetting her lips and smiled with a sweaty and flushed face.

“Another!? …Ohhh, your butt…your butt is disappearing!”

Saki’s lower body had vanished at some point and only her upper body remained in the sex dream space.

“My ass has been offered up to another Sex God – the Sex Root. Nh, ah…and I am currently…kh, hhhh…pleasuring it with the God Entertainment. Ahhh, y-yes…”

Saki moaned from the intense thrusting pleasure reaching her butt back in the real world, but she still looked up at the Sex God with lewdly seductive eyes and provoked him even as pleasure melted her beautiful features.

“I will not let it have you! You belong to me! I will not allow even another god to have you!”

A roar filled the sex dream space and hundreds of shadows appeared from beyond the madly rotating fog. Some were male and some were female. Some were even shaped like dogs. Those were all of the copies made by searching people’s memories and finding their beloved and they fused with the main one that had taken Saki’s form.

(Good, I was waiting for this! Gather all your copies and fight against the Sex Root, Sex Dream God!)

The Sex Dream God and the Sex Root were competing over her body. The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden smiled in her heart that the plan she had set up was working, but she also had to fight the unbelievable pleasure rising from her butt.

As the hot, hard, and throbbing flesh pillar rubbed at her internal flesh and thrust in and out of her, the pleasure was so great her hips just about gave out below her. The anal pleasure threatened to drag her entire body back to the real world instead of just her butt.

“If I gather all of my power, I cannot lose! Your body will be mine!”

After fusing with all his copies, the Sex God revealed his desire for Saki’s body.

“Allow me to continue entertaining you. Except no…I will use this!”

Strength filled the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden’s voice and she wrapped her lips around the flesh pillar standing erect from a crotch otherwise identical to her own.

That erection was a lustful aura powerful enough to take physical form. It was so hot she thought it would burn the inside of her mouth, it was as hard as a metal rod wrapped in tanned leather, and a powerful throbbing reached her through it.

(This is the one organ I don’t share. That means it belongs to the Sex Dream God himself. Even with our senses synced, I shouldn’t feel the pleasure from this!)

“Nwoh! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!!”

A mixture of surprise and pleasure filled the god’s voice as her tongue wrapped around his erection to begin pleasuring it.

“Nh, ahm! Kiss, suck, slurp…”

As she lightly placed her teeth behind the head to keep him from escaping, thoroughly licked the slit at the tip, and stimulated the urethra with her tongue tip, the god borrowing Saki’s form trembled.

“Nh…khhh…”

The penis’s pleasure did not directly reach her, but she did feel a slight ejaculatory urge squeezing at her pubis as she continued the blowjob. She had a powerful resistance to pleasure, but even she let out a sweet nasal breath. As she continued licking the head, the sex dream’s bonds must have weakened because her paralysis ended and she was free to move her body again.

(This is where it really begins. Time for the Uzume-style God Entertainment!)

With free use of her hands, she tightly grabbed the erection and stroked it at varying speeds while sucking at the head and making skillful use of her tongue.

She rubbed the hot and hard pillar from base to tip, flicked the bottom of the head with her tongue tip, and repeatedly sucked with her lips tightly wrapped around the tip.

She pinched and gently massaged the sensitive frenulum and she placed the erection’s shaft sideways in her mouth to rub back and forth with her lips and teeth. The Sex Dream God’s erection made a straining sound as it grew even larger, harder, and more curved.

“Ohhhhh! I am cumming! I am exploding! Ahhhh! It feels so goooood!”

(He’s a surprisingly quick shot…just a little more! I can seal this god first!)

Saki’s finger rubbed fairly roughly at the slit at the penis’s tip and her slender fingertip sent intense pleasure through the urethra within.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry! But…but I couldn’t stop myself! Ahhhh, it feels so good! My penis is melting!”

Even inside the sex dream, Saki could hear the echoes of Yuka’s cute and sexual voice as the girl wildly thrust her hips.

(My mind and senses are returning to the real world. The Sex Root must have the advantage. Kh! Yuka is being rougher than I expected! If I lose control here, this will all be for naught.)

In the sex dream, her upper body gave a blowjob to the Sex God who had taken her form. In the real world, her lower body continued the God Entertainment on the Sex Rod that was anally violating her while growing from Yuka’s crotch.

She looked up to see the Sex Dream God trembling from pleasure as she sucked on the penis head and sped up her hands stroking the shaft to guide the god’s manhood to climax.

“Ohhhhhhhh~! My core! My core is being sucked out! Kwaaaaaaaahhh~!”

The Sex Dream God raised a desperate cry and his erection began to throb uncontrollably.

(Spit out your core as you orgasm! Obey the rules of mortal lives and travel to the eternal beyond! This god is being brought to climax by the combined pleasure of my skill and the Sex Root residing in Yuka!)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden grabbed her copy’s butt to pull that copied body closer. Her cheeks sucked in as she sucked at the head, her fingertip slipped between the butt cheeks and dug into the anus, and she felt the pistoning pleasure of the Sex Root.

The Sex Dream God’s erection throbbed powerfully in her mouth and semen erupted out with the god’s core dissolved into it.

“Hwohhhhh! I’m cumming! And my end is coming! My soul is leaving meeeeee~!”




When the spiritual master’s soul was separated from the physical object that anchored his soul and gave him the power to manipulate sex dreams, he raised a cry of pleasure and terror while leaving for the great beyond.

Like an overinflated balloon popping, the sex dream shattered and Saki’s body and soul returned to the real world.

“Come to me, divine core…khahhh! Th-that was…Yuka…!”

After swallowing every last drop of the Sex God extract released in her mouth, the Curse Eater’s beautiful features twisted from the pleasure rising from the depths of her ass like a rough wave.

“Saki-san! You…woke up. Ah, ahhhhn! I’m sorry! Your butt feels so good…I can’t stop!”

While apologizing to her awoken lover, the futanari girl continued her uncontrollable thrusting.

“No need to apologize…ah, ahhh! Continue the God Entertainment like this!”

While trembling from the pleasure of the swollen penis head rubbing at her internal flesh, Saki tightened the sphincter, shook her sweaty and flushed butt, and accepted the phallic god.

“Yes…please kiss me.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden twisted her head around to comply with Yuka’s request. She sucked at the futanari girl’s hot and melted mouth and tangled their tongues together while contracting her anus to induce ejaculation.

“Noooo! I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’m cummiiiiiiiiiing! I’m cumming in Saki-san’s buuuuuutt! Kyaaaaaaaahn!!”

The Sex Root throbbed powerfully inside the girl’s ass and ejaculated large quantities of scorching climax juice.

“Khahhhhn! Nh, come to me…divine core…! Ahhhhhhn!!”

Once she accepted the Sex Root’s core into her body, the Curse Eater’s sweet and strained voice shook the air in the room while she finally allowed the powerful waves of orgasm to engulf her.

“I never imagined I would entertain two Sex Gods at once…This may have been what I planned, but it was a risky gamble. Well, all’s well that ends well.”

Ayuko was sleeping peacefully after being freed from the sex dream and Yuka had lost consciousness from the powerful orgasm, so the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden brought a bitter smile to her flushed and sweaty face.

“Nh…ah, ah, Saki-san…I’m sorry.”

When Yuka came to, she immediately apologized.

“I really got in your way there, didn’t I? A lack of self control is no excuse for doing something so awful… I’m so sorry…uuuh…sob.”

“No, your actions were all part of my plan. So don’t cry.”

She gently embraced the girl who had begun to shed tears.

“R-really? You aren’t just saying that?”

“I would never lie to you. When two Sex Gods compete for the same person, they will compare their spiritual power and fixation on the target and the superior one will emerge victorious.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden continued her explanation while rubbing Yuka’s hair.

“So I had the Sex Dream God and the Sex Root compete over possession of me. It was your heartfelt love for me that allowed the Sex Root to compete with the Sex Dream God’s fixation and that is why I managed to accept two Sex Gods at once. Thank you.”

She expressed her heartfelt thanks and kissed her beloved classmate.

“But…it’s too bad. Um…that I don’t have my penis anymore.”

That girl had grown addicted to the pleasure of having her throbbing penis thoroughly stimulated to intense ejaculations, so she spoke sadly like she had lost a beloved pet.

“Not to worry. I will eventually be able to directly control the Sex Root and the Sex Dream God.”

Saki gave a mischievous smile and held her lesbian lover close.

“Anything goes in a dream created with a Sex God’s power. And that includes having a penis grow from your crotch. Our dates will be even more fun and pleasurable from now on.”

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden adored how Yuka trembled cutely in her arms, so she breathed a quiet sigh of relief.



Afterschool the next day, the Student Council President suddenly barged into the narrow Urban Legend Research Club clubroom.

“Here, you can have this back. And take this…”

Ayuko returned the confiscated figure to Shinji and then held out something in a small paper bag.

“O-oh, thanks. Um, what’s in the bag?”

“Cookies. And I didn’t make them myself. I bought them at a bakery, so they should taste good.”

“And what are you plotting with these cookies, Ayu-nee?”

Ayuko always approached the boy in such a thorny way that he gave his childhood friend upperclassman girl a skeptical look.

“I-I am not plotting anything! It’s my way of saying sorry for forcibly confiscating the figurine! It’s nothing more or less than that, so don’t get any funny ideas about it!”

With that, the President pushed her glasses up her nose and turned away.

“You should be more honest, Salty. But I will admit you have the tsundere act down pat.”

“Don’t tease me like that! I can’t believe you…”

The serious Student Council President lowered her shoulders and sighed.

“Oh? What happened to the standard ‘don’t call me Salty’?”

The transfer student girl looked like she actually missed the complaint.

“I don’t even care anymore. You alone are allowed to call me Salty.”

Ayuko’s unexpected statement sent a stir through the clubroom.

“You aren’t going to stop no matter how many times I tell you not to, right? If you promise not to spread that name to others, then I’ll begrudgingly allow it.”

“Got it. You have my word as someone who shared a sex dream with you.”

Ayuko’s face rapidly grew red when she heard that.

“W-wait! It isn’t possible for two people to share the same dream!”

“I wouldn’t be so sure. And don’t bloomers and a white racing swimsuit ring a bell?”

The glasses girl’s face tensed and paled at Saki’s words.

“I-I have no idea what you are talking about. Oh ho ho ho.”

Flustered Ayuko laughed stiffly.

“Oh, so you really did investigate it. And you had a sex dream, right?”

Shinji failed to read the room and asked a stupid question.

“Th-that was just self-suggestion. I only had that weird dream because I convinced myself I would have a dream like that before I went to sleep.”

“You had one!? What kind of dream was it? Give me all the details!”

Shinji leaned forward curiously and Ayuko sent her fist into his gut.

“You have no tact at all! It was a weird dream and I don’t remember anything more than that! Now, I’m heading back to the Student Council Room, so good day!”

Still quite flustered, Ayuko left the room as if fleeing.

“What about you? Did you have a sex dream?”

The urban legend boy asked the question with a sparkle of perverted expectation in his eyes.

“Me? Well, I had a nice dream and a nice experience. And I think I’ll have even better dreams from now one. Heh heh heh.”

The suggestive phrasing and meaningful laughter made Yuka blush and hang her head next to Saki.

“That sure is vague for you. Well, whatever. I’ll check it out tonight.”

Saki felt a little bad for Shinji who was preciously holding the sex dream doll that was now no more than an artistic figurine.