Curse Eater: First Seal - Sex Root
A few days after the incident in the park, the girl who had indulged in such an obscene act below the Hanging Tree stood in one room of a luxury condo built on a hill.

The agency she belonged to had prepared this residence as her base of operations in this city, but it was far too fancy for a student living alone.

She had made many demands, including the building’s feng shui direction and the location and size of the bath which was crucial for washing away the impurities soaked into her body, so the agency’s spy division had prepared this residence in a prime area of the city, complaining about how much they were going over budget all the while.

She belonged to a paranormal phenomenon countermeasure organization with a global network, commonly known as the Exorcism Agency. They would investigate, clean up after, and prevent the spread of damage from incidents and accidents caused by paranormal beings.

The girl was unique even for one of the Exorcism Agency’s agents, so she could get away with these selfish demands.

“The school transfer process is complete. The documents are all in order… The Agency works as fast as ever. But I’m supposed to have been living overseas? That sure is a simple story.”

She held a steaming cup of coffee and she smiled bitterly while reading through the information displayed on her laptop.

She had just finished washing herself clean during a morning bath, so she only wore a large white towel wrapped around her. The soft curves of her body showed through quite clearly.

Her long and glossy black hair fell on her white shoulders, and her dignified face was lightly flushed by the bath, and the lines of her shoulder blades on her back were very sexy.

As for the legs extending down from the bottom of the towel, her calves were nicely fit, her ankles were slender, and the legs were generally full of youthful vigor.

“I take some issue with the personal history they’ve given me, but I passed the entrance exam and interview fair and square, so I’ll accept it.”

After that comment to herself, she took a sip of coffee.

“Now, it’s about time to prepare for school. This is my first time living a student’s life. I can’t wait to put on my uniform.”

She glanced over at the brand-new uniform hanging on a hanger as she stood up and finished off the last of the coffee.

The Exorcism Agency had laid the groundwork for her to transfer into the city’s prestigious Private Kaihou Academy as a second year in their high school division. The new term began today, so she would begin her school life while also beginning her exorcism activity in earnest.

“It’s sunny out with a light breeze… Perfect weather for my first day of school.”

She narrowed her eyes at the refreshing spring breeze and bright sunlight that entered through the opened balcony window and she brushed her glossy black hair back with her hand.

She could look down on the city from that large balcony.

It was a regional city of a few hundred thousand located between a hilly region and the coast.

The city looked peaceful at first glance, but a lot of rumors on the internet referred to it as a mystery city where supernatural phenomena were abnormally common.

The Agency had sent the girl here to investigate those phenomena and respond to or resolve them before it grew dangerous.

“Now I only need to prepare myself…”

After turning away from the window and standing in front of the large mirror embedded in the closet door, the girl stripped off her towel with no hesitation whatsoever.

Her fit, youthful, and white nude body shined in the morning sunlight entering through the open window.

Her dignified face splendidly combined an adult beauty with a girlish innocence and each of her face’s parts was arranged with the perfect balance, like it was a work of art created by a god of beauty.

Her bust was quite large for her slim body, the breasts stuck straight out while maintaining their bowl shape even without a bra, and the light pink areolae and pointy nipples were adorable.

Her waist was skinny and devoid of excess flesh and her flat stomach faintly showed the outlines of her abs. These were the unspoken results of her daily training.

The upside-down heart of her lovely butt had as much volume as her bust, it remained tight thanks to the muscles hidden within, and its plumply perfect curves continued down to her long thighs.

It was the ultimate naked body with alluring feminine sex appeal and an energetic healthy beauty.

“Mh, no matter how many times I see my body, I can’t help but get turned on by how smoking hot it is.”

With a smile of blatant self-love, she made a joking comment about the body reflected in the mirror. She placed her left hand on her breast, lifted it, and narrowed her eyes at the soft and springy sensation.

“It feels great…nhh, and is super sensitive too. It really is an incredible body.”

She released a sexual sigh, gently massaged her white breast, and lost herself in the sexuality of her own body reflected in the mirror. At the tip of the youthful and firm breast, the light pink nipple grew noticeably erect.

“This sinful body is sure to gather a lot of attention from people of all ages and genders, but I can’t complete my mission if they don’t keep their distance.”

She twisted her perfectly proportioned body side to side in front of the mirror and she held a felt-tip pen in her right hand.

It was a perfectly normal red pen of the sort a teacher would use to score a test.

“Where should I draw it? I can’t have it stand out too much, but I can’t forget to have some fun with it either. Hmm, what to do?”

She popped off the red pen’s cap as she spoke.

“I already know what spell to use. I’m only searching for the drawing location…”

She viewed her naked body’s reflection and held out the red pen like an artist facing her model.

“Oh, I know! I’ll use this body part that gathers a lot of attention even for this perfect body of mine. Begin curse drawing!”

Just as she tensed her expression and said that, the pen tip raced across the mirror too quickly to be seen.

The felt tip of the pen squeaked on the glass to draw a circle containing complex symbols and writing. It looked a lot like a magic circle.

It was a type of magic known as a curse spell or a sorcery crest. Drawing magical symbols with ink containing spiritual power could produce a number of effects.

The girl kept a serious expression as she continued drawing. Her lips were pressed together in a horizontal line and she held her breath, so she was clearly extremely focused.

After a dozen or so seconds, the red ink had drawn a complex circular symbol on the mirror.

“Finished! I didn’t forget to draw anything, did I? …Okay, begin transfer!”

She approached the mirror and pushed her splendidly protruding left breast against the crimson symbol on the mirror.

As the soft flesh was pressed against the cold mirror, it displayed its softness by squishing against the flat surface like a water balloon full of honey and the partially-erect nipple was pushed back into the soft flesh.

“Nh…nhh…nn.”

The girl wrinkled her brow at the squishing of her breast and the cold but pleasant sensation of the glass on her sensitive nipple and she breathed a nasal moan of pleasure as she pushed her body further forward.

She pressed her entire naked body against the mirror like she was trying to pass through it and she kissed her own beautiful face in that reflection fogged by her hot breaths.

“Ahh…nh…kiss…lick…”

She narrowed her eyes as if in a trance, sucked at her reflected lips, stuck out her tongue, and licked the cold glass surface. The mirror image naturally mimicked her actions, so the two tongues pressed together like two sexual mollusks mating.

The sunlight entering through the open window alluringly illuminated her naked body and her tight butt tensed in response to the rising carnal pleasure.

The lewd scene looked like two naked twin sisters enjoying some lesbian sex through the glass. After about half a minute of that, she slowly pulled back to reveal the crimson curse had vanished from the mirror and had been transferred perfectly to the round curves of her breast.

“Ahh…curse complete! Now I can blend in as a normal student. Time to prepare for school! I really should wear the proper outfit, shouldn’t I? Yes.”

With a satisfied smile on her slightly flushed face, the girl checked the red curse drawn on her white breast. Then she pulled her leather belt outfit from a chest, dropped it at her feet, and made a magical hand gesture.

“Bind!”

In response to her dignified voice, the leather belts moved like living creatures to wrap around and crawl up her beautiful legs. Once they reached her crotch, a leather belt slipped from her slit to her butt crack and audibly tightened.

“Ahh! Nhhhh!”

The girl’s legs turned inward and she moaned as the crawling belts continued to bind her body.

The belts wrapped around her large breasts and emphasized the cleavage between them.

“Khhhhn…!”

Her erect nipples were mercilessly shoved inside the melons and the bondage girl uttered another sweet sigh.

After the belts had tightened around her entire body, the final belt transformed into a glove that covered her left arm to the elbow.

“Ahhh…so it’s finally over. Now, what panties should I wear today?”

With the leather belt bondage complete, the girl put some simple white panties on over that and quickly finished getting dressed.



About 2 hours later, the girl wore her uniform and stood in front of a blackboard.

The name Tokiwagi Saki was written large on the blackboard.

Once the homeroom teacher brought her into the classroom, the girl had written it herself in chalk.

“I am Tokiwagi Saki, a transfer student. Nice to meet you…”

After a brief introduction, she viewed the students with her obsidian black eyes.

(So that boy isn’t in this class… Well, I can take my time and search.)

After confirming that the boy she had run into at the Hanging Tree a few days ago was not here, she focused on her classmates’ reactions.

They gave some modest applause and whispered some comments like “She’s surprisingly plain…” and “What a normal-looking girl.”

(If a smoking hot transfer student like me isn’t causing a stir, that impression reduction curse must be working.)

Sensing the effects of the curse she had placed on her body before leaving that morning, the transfer student girl smiled a little.

Tokiwagi Saki specialized in mental manipulation curse spells.

This time, she had used the red pen to draw an impression reduction curse on her body. Any third party who observed her would be affected by some weak mind control to ensure she did not leave a strong impression on them and they did not hold much interest in her.

Everyone around her viewed her as a common-looking schoolgirl who was not worth making a fuss over.

The curse-user girl looked at each classmate in turn as if judging them and her eyes eventually stopped on one girl in particular.

(Hm? I’ve run into a vessel so soon after transferring in!?)

Saki’s eyes were drawn to a shy-looking girl who sat by the hallway-side window and gave Saki a hesitant look.

She had fairly curly hair worn to shoulder length and tied back a bit on either side of her head. She had a round face and large eyes, so her cute face was reminiscent of a squirrel.

However, a faint sadness cast a shadow on her face and she seemed worried about something.

She was shorter than average, but her bust and butt were impressive indeed.

(There’s no doubting it. That girl is possessed. And it seems to have fused quite strongly and deeply to her body.)

The look in the exorcist girl’s eyes sharpened and those specially-trained eyes saw a mysterious light surrounding the sad girl’s body. It was like a red aurora. And the light was strongest near the lower body hidden by her uniform’s skirt.

While the other students lost interest in Saki, only the girl surrounded in red light continued to glance embarrassedly at her.

(It seems the curse is ineffective on someone possessed. But what are the odds I would meet a vessel in the very class I transferred into? Is this a lucky twist of fate, or is it the Agency’s doing?)

While silently losing herself in thought, the transfer student girl sat in her designated seat.

Saki worked at enjoying her first chance at a school life. She chatted with the people who approached out of interest in her false history of having lived overseas and she used that to gather information.

Based on that information, the vessel girl was named Yukimura Yuka.

She was their Class Rep and she also worked on the Student Council as the Secretary.

She was shy, she spoke politely to everyone, and she was nice enough, but she could be gloomy and none of their classmates seemed to think of her as a close friend.

“She’s a good girl, but she feels kind of distant. It makes it hard to get along with her…”

“Right, right. Even when we invite her out to karaoke, she always says she has Student Council work and declines. But no one really dislikes her, so I guess you’d say she’s a bit of a weird girl?”

Most of the girls in the class had similar opinions about her.

(She is giving off an aura that rejects excessive contact. Is the thing possessing her body causing some psychological pressure?)

After completing the morning classes as an inconspicuous student, Saki considered inviting Yukimura Yuka to eat lunch with her, but the girl was no longer in the classroom.

“I guess I’ll wander around the school while I look for her…”

Saki had no choice but to head to the cafeteria alone.

Thanks to the effects of the impression reduction spell, none of her classmates actively approached her as she left the classroom.

(Schools sure are full of life. It’s nice to be surrounded by so much laughter.)

The exorcist girl thought to herself while walking through the school full of boys and girls her own age. Since she had transferred in at the same time as freshmen arrived, the different clubs and teams were trying to recruit members, showing off their activities with something of a festival.

In the plaza in front of the cafeteria, the music clubs were holding a mini concert and the comedy club was performing skits, so it was quite lively.

“Mh! That’s the boy who saw me that night. It’s definitely him!”

When Saki saw a certain boy handing out fliers to the students leaving the cafeteria, she walked toward him while pulling the red pen from her pocket.

“Hello. If you like, please read this. Join us if you want a life of dreams and romance.”

The boy was not bad looking, but he also seemed somewhat unrefined. He was calling out to the students entering and leaving the cafeteria and trying to hand them fliers for his club, but very few would take one.

When Saki casually took one of the vainly fluttering fliers with her left hand, she softly wrapped her little finger around his.

The small red curse she had drawn on her little finger was transferred to the boy’s finger.

(Pinky swear ceremony complete. It was abbreviated, but that should establish a bond…)

It was simplified, but she had used a highly-effective bonding curse, so the effects of the impression reduction curse were greatly reduced and the boy would be able to see her as she really was.

If he got afraid and tried to run away the instant he saw her face, she would have to erase his memory.

Saki stopped with flier in hand and viewed the boy with the deep shine of her obsidian-black eyes.

(He’s actually pretty good looking. He has an attractive face, but he loses points for the perverted-looking eyes and mouth. He’s slender and muscular and, just as I had suspected from how quickly he ran away, he’s probably pretty athletic.)

The curse user girl silently assessed the boy while watching his reaction.

“Th-thanks…”

The boy looked at the girl who had taken the flier, realized how attractive she was, and let some slight surprise and joy color his face, but there was no sign of fear or shock.

(It looks like he never got a clear look at my face. That’s a relief.)

She had been considering what to do if he caused a scene, but she replaced the cap on the red pen she held and surreptitiously returned it to her pocket.

“You’re a freshman, aren’t you? Have you already decided on a club?”

The boy sounded a little nervous, but he smiled and spoke to her.

(Mh… He looks like even more of a perv when he smiles. Is he a peeping tom?)

With that poor first impression, she glanced at the name of the club on the flier.

“Urban Legend Research Club…?”

Saki tilted her head at that unfamiliar term.

“Yes. Urban legends are the occult-ish stories told about specific regions and locations and the strange rumors passed around on the internet. We’re a club of dreams and romance that gathers, researches, and inspects those urban legends as we search for the truth.”

“I’m not entirely sure there’s much dreams and romance to be found in the occult…but you research spiritual phenomena?”

Saki nodded when she spotted a mention of “investigating and explaining spiritual and paranormal phenomena” on the flier. On the night he had witnessed her exorcism in the park, he must have been visiting the Hanging Tree to investigate spiritual phenomena.

“Oh! You’re interested in that? I’m researching that field! This city is famous online for having more spirit locations than almost anywhere else in the country.”

The boy interpreted her reaction as the possibility of recruiting someone to his club, so he began speaking even more passionately.

(If he doesn’t recognize me, I have no reason to stick around…but how should I turn him down?)

Saki had spent all her time training as an exorcist and had never spoken with other teenagers, so she lost her chance to leave and was stuck silently listening to the boy speak.

“Iwakura Shinji-kun!”

While the boy eloquently jumped from topic to topic (a cursed well, a ghost bus, a power spot, etc.), a girl called out to him from behind.

That somewhat sharp voice came from a girl wearing silver-framed glasses.

She was slender and somewhat lacking in curves. The left arm of her uniform bore an armband that said “Kaihou Academy Student Council – President”.

She had long hair with the bangs cut in a horizontal line above her eyebrows and her face was coolly tense. Her entire body seemed to wordlessly express her diligent personality.

“You’re bothering that girl. Forced recruitments are against the club recruitment rules!”

The cute Student Council President chided him in a way that suggested she often lectured him.

“Oh, it’s just Ayu-nee… Anyway, like I was saying, when you go to that power spot….”

The boy turned just his head to look back and gave a disinterested comment before immediately turning back toward Saki and resuming his recruitment talk.

“W-wait! How many times do I have to tell you not to call me Ayu-nee in front of people!?”

The glasses upperclassman must have found that nickname very embarrassing because she blushed and snapped back at him.

“Okay, okay, Ayu-nee. Now, what I really want to investigate is-…”

“Hold it, Iwakura Shinji! Turn this way and listen to me!”

The Student Council President reached out to grab his collar, but the boy named Iwakura Shinji avoided her with a motion so fluid it looked like he had eyes on the back of his head.

(Mh! No hesitation at all… It looks like he’s trained in some kind of martial art. Come to think of it, he suppressed his presence quite well when he approached that night.)

Saki thought back to the night she had seen him in the park.

“Oh, c’mon! You always slip away like that! But in that case, I have an idea! Take this!”

The Student Council President got frustrated and threw a low kick.

The sharp kick made a nice sound as it hit the back of the boy’s thigh.

“Ow! What was that for!? Is the Student Council President using violence to interfere with club recruitments? Isn’t that against the rules too?”

The urban legend boy faced her to complain.

“I’m telling you to stop forcibly recruiting her!”

“I’m not forcing her! I’m only passionately explaining about urban legends because this freshman was interested. C’mon, you tell her too.”

Shinji faced Saki and sought her agreement.

“To be honest, you were bothering me a little. Also, I hate to say it, but I’m a second year…”

Her awkward response put a look of obvious shock on Shinji’s face.

“See? You were bothering her. So it was a forced recruitment. I’m going to write a complaint report and submit it to the club union.”

The Student Council President pulled a notepad from her pocket and wrote something on it while she used this chance to deliver a finishing blow to the urban legend boy.

“Uuh… I just went a little overboard with my explanation because I was so happy she was interested! C’mon, you can overlook that, can’t you? Aren’t we childhood friends, Ayu-nee?”

“Again, don’t call me that! Do not bring the familiarity of childhood friends to our school life! I am approaching you as the Student Council President right now!”

The upperclassman girl pushed her glasses up and puffed her chest out as she complained about that nickname.



(I see. So they’re childhood friends. That explains the nickname for the Student Council President…)

Saki picked up on their relationship and the two childhood friends continued their argument in front of her.

“The Student Council President is supposed to set an example for the entire student body, so should you really be kicking an underclassman?”

“I only did that because you refused to listen! Anyway, have you never considered giving up on those silly urban legends and using your natural athletic ability for sports!?”

“Nope. Not even once,” immediately replied the boy. “Ayu-nee, you know perfectly well I can’t play a sport that requires working with a group and following the rules!”

“I said to stop calling me that!”

“Then how about Salty?”

“Th-that’s even worse!!”

The Student Council President blushed and yelled at him when he used that odd nickname.

“Salty? Oh, because the ayu fish is generally grilled with salt. That’s pretty clever… Heh heh heh.”

“Don’t you laugh!”

Saki was scolded when she chuckled at it.

“Sorry, but that really tickled my funny bone… Salty Ayu…heh heh heh heh!”

Saki apologized even as she laughed some more, so the Student Council President gave her a displeased look.

Due to the impression reduction curse, she would see Saki as plain girl with no notable features.

“I never introduced myself, did I? I am Student Council President Inagami Ayuko. What is your name?”

While clearly still intent on writing up the complaint, the Student Council President asked the name of the transfer student she had deemed a victim of a forced recruitment.

“I am Tokiwagi Saki. I transferred in for this term. Do you want to know my measurements too?”

Shinji and the Student Council President’s faces stiffened at Saki’s question.

“Eh!? N-no…um…I don’t need that information!”

“I see… Those numbers contain far more dreams and romance than urban legends. Too bad.”

She said that in a joking tone, but she also casually crossed her arms to accentuate the volume of her bust.

“H-hey, are you seriously writing a complaint? Ayu-nee…no, I mean President.”

While stealing a glance at the giant breasts creating great mounds in the chest of Saki’s uniform, Shinji spoke to his childhood friend in a respectful tone.

“We’ll see. Tokiwagi-san, I could accept a complaint from you right here, but what will you do?”

Ayuko stopped writing on her notepad and let Saki make the decision.

“I’m not really interested in making a complaint. His boner for urban legends might have leaked a little precum, but he doesn’t seem to have meant any harm by it.”

The transfer student girl defended Shinji with an oddly sexual metaphor.

“I-is that so…? Tokiwagi-san, I have one piece of advice for you: this boy’s club is a sketchy thing with no activities or accomplishments to speak of.”

After retrieving her dignity, the Student Council President gave Saki a warning.

“It does indeed look sketchy…” agreed Saki while looking at the blatantly CG UFO in a photo on the flier.

“Right? So I cannot recommend joining.”

“Ahh! You’re clearly interfering with my recruitment!”

Shinji butted into their exchange.

“I merely gave some advice so a promising transfer student would not waste her time.”

Ayuko viewed Saki with a hint of jealousy and caution in the eyes behind her glasses.

(Hm. That girl probably likes Shinji.)

Women’s intuition clued the exorcist girl into the diligent Student Council President’s hidden feelings, so she smiled a bit.

“It would not be a waste of time! I’ve gathered quite a lot of data in the past year. This year, I’m sure to explain all the many secrets in this mysterious city!”

The boy snapped back at the Student Council President when she impugned the value of the urban legend research he was so passionate about.

“I overlooked it last year, but if you don’t gain a single other member this year, I will take away your club room. And then I will have you join one of the sports teams.”

“Now you’re just abusing your power! You’re trampling on my human rights!”

“I-I’m saying this for your sake, Shinji!”

Ayuko’s businesslike tone gained an odd amount of heat here.

“Uh!? For my sake?”

“With your talent, you could be the star player of any sport. Yes, I believe in you…”

When she spoke so earnestly to him and gave him such a heated look, the boy froze up and could not say anything in return.

(Hm, what is this turn of events? This is no time for a third wheel like me to interrupt. Also…they seem to have completely forgotten about me. That’s fine. I can use this chance to escape.)

While the Student Council President and the boy entered their own little world, the transfer student girl left them behind.

And the next day…

“Class Rep, can I speak with you?”

Immediately after school, Saki spoke to Yukimura Yuki, the sad-looking Class Rep.

“Oh, yes! Wh-what is it, Tokiwagi-san…?”

Since she was a vessel, the girl was barely affected by the curse, so she looked at the transfer student’s beautiful face like it was too bright to view directly.

“You can call me Saki. I’m still new here, so I’d appreciate it if you showed me around the school a bit.”

“Yes, I can do that.” Yuka smiled and stood from her desk. “But first, could you accompany me elsewhere? It won’t take long.”

“Of course. I would follow you anywhere.”

Saki was led to the school building’s roof.

The afternoon sun shined on a few dozen pigeons lined up on the fence with their round eyes turned towards the visitors.

“Please wait a little longer, everyone. I’ll have it ready soon.”

The Class Rep rummaged through her schoolbag and pulled out a plastic bag of bread crusts. A stir ran through the pigeons when they saw the food and a few impatient ones flew to Yuka’s feet and walked around her.

“Do you always feed the pigeons here?”

“Yes, every day. Okay, eat up…hyah!”

When Yuka filled her palms with bread crusts and smiled, the flock of pigeons flew all around her.

“Y-you don’t need to rush. There’s plenty for everyone. Hyah…hyahhhh!”

The pigeons landed on her arms, shoulders, and head, so she lost her balance and fell on her back, scattering bread crusts everywhere.

“Kyahahhh! Don’t peck me there! It tickles!”

The pigeons pecked at the bread crusts dumped on her body and flew around while chirping and flapping their wings. Saki watched silently as Yuka screamed cutely.

“…That was a disaster.”

“I-I’m fine. This always happens. Ah ha ha.”

After the pigeons finished eating and flew away, Saki helped up the clumsy animal-lover who smiled embarrassedly.

“That always happens? So every single day, a flock of starving birds knocks you down and has their way with you?”

“I-it sounds really embarrassing when you put it like that! Those birds are pure. They have no naughty feelings.”

The clumsy Class Rep blushed until her ears were red.

“Yes, you certainly could describe them as pure. Pure hunger.”

Saki watched the pigeons fly away after eating their fill.

“You’re a strange person, Tokiwagi-san.”

Yuka spoke to her after brushing the feathers off of her uniform.

“Eh? How am I strange?”

“Because you’re so good looking, but the boys don’t spread rumors about you and the girls barely talk about you. It seems really strange to me.”

Yuka was barely affected by the curse and could thus see Saki’s true form, so she naturally found it odd that no one was obsessing over the hot transfer student.

“Well, yes. There is a lot strange about me.”

“Hee hee hee. You’d say that about yourself? You really are funny person.” Yuka giggled. “Tokiwagi-san, you only just transferred in, but people already call you Tokki. That shows how well you fit in.”

“Hm. Being called Tokki is a little embarrassing, but I kind of like it.”

Saki smiled and nodded.

That girl had only known the deadly and gloomy world of an exorcist, so she felt a new kind of happiness when her family name of Tokiwagi had been converted into a nickname.

The classmates other than Yuka could not see what she really looked like, but it had only taken two days for the class to see her as an interesting girl with an easygoing attitude who would answer questions in somewhat sexual ways.

“I’m really jealous. You’re so good looking and you have a great sense of humor… If only I had that…”

Yuka’s face clouded over and she fell silent.

“Ah. Sorry for getting all blue like that. I’m not feeling well right now.”

The girl gasped and gave a somewhat stiff smile.

“If you aren’t feeling well, then I would feel bad asking you to show me around. We can wait until a later date for that.”

“No, it isn’t much. I will show you around. But I want to feed some other animals first, so will you accompany me?”

“Yes, that’s fine. Oh, you still have a feather on you. I’ll get it for you.”

While removing the small feather from Yuka’s hair, Saki brushed her finger across the girl’s earlobe visible through her hair.

“Hyah! Th-thank you…”

Yuka shrieked cutely and jumped before backing up a few steps to prevent any further contact.

(The aura surrounding her body has grown stronger… Does she keep her distance from others because she knows bodily contact activates what is possessing her?)

The exorcist girl narrowed her eyes as she sensed the red aura rising from the girl’s body.

“Shall we get going then?”

Yuka led the way as they descended the stairs and crossed the walkway to another building.

“This is the special classroom building. It houses the music room, the A/V room, the art room, and things like that. My destination is beyond it.”

The Class Rep politely guided the way to the yard behind the school building.

At one corner of the well-maintained backyard was a pond containing several koi. When the two girls approached the pond, the koi must have felt their feeder’s approach because they swam over.

“Now you are feeding the koi? You really like animals, don’t you?”

After viewing the koi gathering at the surface and opening and closing their mouths to ask for food, Saki observed Yuka. While the girl crouched at the pond’s edge and scattered some bread crumbs, the red energy surrounding her body was even stronger than before.

“Yes, I love them.”

Yuka sounded cheerful, but her face clouded over and she fell silent for a while. Eventually, she opened her mouth as if letting out what was caught in her heart.

“People will betray your feelings, but animals…won’t.”

The wavering of her emotions caused the aura to grow even more, so it looked to Saki like Yuka’s entire body was ablaze.

The vessel girl continued her monologue.

“Sometimes when you just want to express your love for someone, they refuse to accept it, right? And more than that, they’ll start to hate you and avoid you…right? People are so depressing.”

More and more sadness filled the girl’s voice and the aura formed a vortex near her lower stomach.

“Oh, sorry. That was a weird thing to say, wasn’t it? Just forget I said anything”

She forced a smile and tried to stand up, but then she wobbled on her feet.

“Oh, watch out!”

The clumsy Class Rep nearly fell in the pond, so Saki grabbed her from behind.

The large breasts pushing out the chest of the exorcist girl’s uniform pressed against Yuka’s back and the hands supporting her grabbed the Class Rep’s meltingly soft bust somewhat strongly.

The fingers wrapped around those breasts could feel the oddly accelerated beating of her heart.

“Hwah….ahhh, no…eh?”

Yuka raised her voice as if crying and her body trembled as the red aura gathered at her crotch and began to take shape.

“Khhahn! I-I need to visit the restroom. I-I’ll be right back, so please wait here! Nnn!”

With that hurried statement, Yuka brushed off Saki’s hands and awkwardly ran off.

“Did it activate? Now, what exactly is possessing her?”

The exorcist watched the girl run off and then slowly followed after her.

Yuka had run to the girl’s bathroom on the first floor of the special classroom building.

(I need to clear the area before I get to work.)

Saki lifted her uniform’s skirt to expose her right thigh.

A leather pen holder was wrapped around her plump white thigh like a garter belt. The holder contained several red pens like a bandolier.

She pulled out one of those, removed the cap, and sent the pen tip racing across the door to the girl’s bathroom and the hallway in front of it.

The curse drawn on the hallway was one of avoidance.

The curse drawn on the bathroom door was one of impression reduction, just like the one on Saki’s breast.

That would prevent anyone from approaching this area of the hallway and, even if someone did approach, they would have difficulty perceiving the bathroom door.

“That should be enough, but we should still avoid being too loud. I need to complete this secretly and swiftly…”

The curse-user girl tensed her face in preparation for the exorcism ceremony she was about to perform. The curses she used were of the mental manipulation type, so she could not hide sounds or physical phenomena.

Once the curses were drawn, Saki tiptoed into the girl’s bathroom.

“Nh…i-it’s already…so…hyah! Khhhhn!”

Suppressed moans mixed with sobs echoed from the bathroom walls.

The voice came from the backmost stall.

(Sounds like she’s started. …Sorry, but I’ll be taking a peek.)

While suppressing her presence and sneaking close, Saki placed her fingertips on the top of the door and slowly pulled herself up to peek inside.

“Nhah, no…wh-why…is it so…ah, hee, hahhhhn!”

Yuka had stripped off her skirt and panties and she sat on the toilet seat while moaning sweetly and toying with her crotch.

But the girl’s delicately slender fingers were not finding self-pleasure from a modestly closed slit. No, she was using an organ that should not have existed on a female body.

“Khn, hyah…ah, no, noo…nnh!”

A pillar of light pink flesh rose erect from her crotch, her white fingers formed a circle as they moved rapidly up and down it, and her sweet moans echoed out in time with that.

The self-pleasure had caused the solid erection to swell quite large and it bent back solidly enough to nearly dig into her stomach. The head was bright red and swollen and the sensitive-looking slit at the tip was dripping with an endless supply of clear precum as thick as syrup.

“Ahahhh, ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhn!”

The sad-faced girl named Yukimura Yuka cried out in masturbatory pleasure as she rubbed the penis rising from her crotch.

“…That is known as a Sex Root.”

After watching Yuka’s sexual show for a while, Saki spoke quietly to her.

“Hyah! Wh-why are you watching me!?”

Yuka screamed and jumped before quickly covering her crotch with both hands and looking up at Saki with the look of a frightened baby squirrel.

“Why? Because it isn’t every day you get to see a cute girl with such an impressive erect cock.”

“Hyah! No, don’t look! Please don’t tell anyone! Please! Hgh, nh, hhhhh.”

When Saki so casually pointed out that embarrassing fact, the girl tearfully pleaded with her.

“No need to panic. At any rate, this will only get worse if nothing is done about it. Masturbation might calm the urge temporarily, but it can never rid you of the Sex Root. …Hm.”

Saki’s hands began to tremble as she awkwardly supported herself on the top of the stall door.

“My arms are getting tired, so I will be blunt. …I will help you masturbate.”

“Th-that’s too blunt! A-and you can’t say that out of the blue like that… I-I’m not mentally prepared. Nhyah! Ahhh…nn!”

The girl curled her back forward as she writhed from the maddening sense of urgency rising from her crotch.

“Your Sex Root is throbbing, isn’t it? If we do not do something now, the growing urge to ejaculate will begin to break down your mind.”

“B-but…it’s too embarrassing… You can’t! You just can’t! Ahhhhhh!”

This time, Yuka arched her back backwards while the extremely erect supernatural penis throbbed and squirted out clear precum.

“See? You’re already at the limit. This leaves only one option: I must take action!”

Saki climbed over the door, entered the narrow stall, and faced the moaning Class Rep whose cheeks were flushed.

“Noooo…don’t come in here…ahhhn!”

The masturbatory pleasure must have left her hips too weak to support her because Yuka remained seated on the toilet seat as the exorcist girl embraced her.

“Hahhhn! No, don’t touch me! My body is too sensitive…ah, ahhhn!”

She cried out like she was on the verge of orgasm and her heated body tensed and convulsed a little.

“That thing on your crotch is a type of Tsukumogami known as a Sex God.”

Saki hugged her futanari classmate and spoke quietly to her.

“I-is this really a god!?”

“Yes. The shape might seem bizarre, but it truly is a divine being.”

The exorcist girl nodded at Yuka’s disbelieving question and continued her explanation.

“Normal Tsukumogami reside in an object, but Sex Gods reside in powerful human emotions – especially sexual ones – and sometimes transform the human body. You could call them a type of curse god.”

“Curse…!? But…I haven’t done anything that would get me c-cursed! Hyah! Nhhh!”

The flesh pillar throbbed in response to her emotional excitement and she writhed from the maddening pleasure that brought.

“Yes. No one holds a grudge against you. This is not a curse placed on you by a malicious third party. This curse was placed on you by you yourself, Class Rep.”

The words Saki whispered in her ear made the vessel girl gasp.

“Eh!? Me? I don’t get what you’re saying…”

“Curses are most powerful and deeply-rooted when people curse themselves. That thing throbbing at your crotch must be the result of a curse you cast on yourself.”

“H-how can you be so sure? Who are you, Tokiwagi-san?”

Saki released her puzzled classmate and looked the girl straight in the eye as she answered.

“Breaking curses is my job.”

“…You can really break curses?”

“I will prove it by breaking that curse residing in your body. Some call me the Curse Eater.”

“Curse…Eater?”

“It’s a fairly well-known nickname among those in this business, but I personally prefer the Tokki nickname our class has given me.”

While speaking in a jocular tone to help calm Yuka, Saki dropped her uniform’s skirt to the floor and began rapidly unbuttoning her shirt.

“Wh-why are you stripping!?”

“I am preparing for the ritual to calm the Sex God. Do not let it surprise you.”

The Cures Eater girl swiftly stripped off her uniform and then removed her panties along with it.

“Wh-what kind of outfit is that!? Ah, ahh…nnn!”

The Sex-God-possessed girl trembled as the raging male organ throbbed below her hands and she stared intently at the incredible proportions revealed before her eyes.

Saki’s white and curvy body was bound only by dark red leather belts measuring a few centimeters wide. The belts only barely covered her slit and nipples and they clung to her curves so perfectly it almost looked like body paint. Their pressure pushed her nipples a bit into the mounds below, but they still formed visible bumps in the belts clinging to her breasts. And the faint vertical line of her slit was visible through the belt at her crotch.

In a way, this outfit was far more obscene and suggestive than if she were nude.

“Tokiwagi-san, what is that outfit?”

“This is the official uniform of the God-Entertaining Shrine Maidens who specialize in Uzume-style God Entertainment.”

Saki showed no sign of embarrassment and smiled confidently as a sweet smell wafted from her nearly naked body.

“My scent has somewhat calmed the throbbing in your crotch, hasn’t it?”

The girl carrying the Sex Root blushed and nodded at Saki’s question.

“The scent produced within my body is made to calm wild gods. I produce the scent when my body releases sweat and other bodily fluids.”

“Bodily…fluids?”

Yuka gulped at that seductive term.

“It is a special technique known as scent eating…but, well, I can explain all that later if I have a chance. There are a few things I want to ask you before I begin the ceremony to calm the Sex God.”

“Yes, wh-what is it?”

Saki began speaking while looking the nervous girl straight in the eye.

“There must have been an event that led to you becoming this Sex Root’s vessel. If you have any idea what that was, please tell me. Knowing that will make it easier to summon the Sex God.”

“An…event? Could it have been…? No, it’s too embarrassing! I can’t tell you!”

The girl tensed up, shook her hair, twisted her red face on the verge of tears, and rejected that past memory.

“Please tell me. Trust me. I will not abandon you!”

Saki hugged her tighter and urged her to talk, so the girl made up her mind, nodded, and began in a quiet voice.

“I’ll tell you. …I had…a best friend. A girl my age.”

It must have been a painful memory because she clenched her fists on her lap and fell silent for a bit.

“I-I…fell in love with her!”

Saki nodded with no real change of expression.

“I-I was serious. …I really loved her…and I agonized over it, but I just couldn’t resist any longer…kh, nh, and I confessed to her!”

Clear tears began to spill from the girl’s eyes as she released the words she had wanted to hold inside.

“But she rejected me and won’t even come near me anymore…and we used to get along so well! Uuh…ghhh!”

The Curse Eater girl embraced the sobbing Class Rep and gently rubbed her hair.

“Hgh, uuh…I-I was sure she would have accepted me…if I was a boy. And one day, I felt a throbbing down there…and this appeared! I couldn’t tell anyone about it…so I’ve been worrying and suffering over it ever since!”

The Sex Root girl buried her face in Saki’s ample chest and wet those breasts with her warm tears while she released all of her repressed feelings.

“You aren’t alone any longer. You have me and you couldn’t ask for a better ally with this problem!”

Yuka’s sobbing grew after Saki’s reassuring words and further rubbing of her hair.

“I apologize for asking something so embarrassing, but how frequently do you masturbate?”

Once the girl’s emotions had calmed down some, Saki asked that.

“Once every two or three days. Um…if I don’t do it, it throbs so bad and I feel like I’m going crazy. But once I start, it feels so good I forget all about everything else…”

Yuka’s face grew red with embarrassment as she answered honestly.

“Your days of suffering alone are over. I will calm the Sex God using you as a vessel. Just relax in both mind and body.”

“O-okay…please do. I trust you, Tokiwagi-san.”

The girl’s tense body relaxed somewhat and she gently rubbed her cheeks against the transfer student’s warm and nice-smelling breasts.

“Then let’s get started. …Nh, kiss.”

Saki tilted Yuka’s face up and gave her a kiss.

“Nmhh! Nh…nnnnhh!?”

The unexpected kiss caused Yuka to widen her eyes and groan in surprise, but it also made her erect flesh pillar twitch happily.

A tongue slipped between her soft lips and Yuka hesitantly opened her mouth to accept it.

“Nh, ahh…suck, slurp, smack…”

The tongue invaded more deeply and stirred up her tear-tasting mouth while Saki gently wrapped her fingers around the throbbing erection rising from her classmate’s crotch.

She felt the scorching heat of the blood within and a hardness that felt like a rod of steel wrapped in leather, but most of all, she felt such an overwhelming amount of sexual energy that she gulped.

“Hyaaahn! No, d-don’t touch…it…kyahhhh!”

When the source of the throbbing was touched, the girl shook free of the kiss and writhed.

“Do not worry. Trust me and give yourself over to the pleasure.”

Saki resumed the kiss and began caressing the rod that contained a Sex God.

She wrapped her cold, white fingers around the penis that was pinkly swollen with arousal and joy, she applied the perfect amount of pressure to the curved shaft, and she rubbed her hand up and down.

When her smooth fingers were about to reach the head, they slowly stroked back down, subtly altered the strength of their grip, and crawled back up while tickling the flesh as it trembled with pleasure.

She squeezed clear precum up from the base of the erection, pushed up with her fingers to send it flowing out of the head’s slit, and allowed it to form a bead of sexual fluid.

“Nkhhhhh! If you rub it-…no, khhhhn! …Nkhhhhhhhh!”

That organ was like a mass of pleasure nerves, so as it was stroked, Yuka released an endless stream of pleasurable moans from the depths of her throat, twitched as if convulsing, and wrapped her arms around Saki’s naked body to cling to her.

(Incredible… So this is what it feels like to touch a Sex God that has fused with a living body. It’s turning me on too.)

The Curse Eater girl felt her own heart pounding as she continued the caress of the rock-hard rod which throbbed like a second heart.

She had been raised and trained as a special exorcist girl who specialized in calming Sex Gods, but this was actually her first time performing the ceremony on a living human.

(But it would be best if I was a little horny. The Sex God would like that.)

She felt a warm dampness deep in the pussy contained tightly by a leather belt while she began an even more skillful handjob combined with a passionate kiss.

“Nhh…ahh…slurp, kiss, nkh…nh…”

As Yuka’s mouth began to sweetly melt, Saki wrapped their tongues together, exchanged saliva with her, and otherwise indulged in a deep lesbian kiss. Meanwhile, she began to move her hips a bit.

Her mons pubis was only covered by the leather belt that barely hid her slit and she rubbed it against Yuka’s knee, causing its shape to obscenely squish in and providing her with pleasure.

The exorcist girl wrinkled her brow as the other side of her pubis tingled warmly and her vaginal walls contracted obscenely. She pressed their bodies closer together by shifting her position so she straddled Yuka’s knee while that girl sat on the toilet seat.

“Ahhh…nh, slurp…ah, kiss…”

Once Saki’s skillful tongue movements guided Yuka’s tongue out of her mouth, Saki began sucking on it like she was giving it a blowjob while she made full use of both hands to caress the erection.

The thick precum produced a loud sticky sound as it wet the entire shaft. Saki stroked it sometimes slow and sometimes fast before she began caressing the head which she had been avoiding until now.

“Hyah! Kyahhhhn! Th-that’s! That’s too…hee, ah, too good…ah, ah! Nooooo! I’m going to cum! I’m going to cum!”

When Saki’s precum-soaked fingers rubbed up against the swollen head, Yuka’s moans transformed into sweetly tense screams.

The skillful handjob made the Sex Root twitch and grow even harder.

“You can enjoy it. You don’t have to hold back. Shoot out as much as you want. Nh, nmh, slurp, kiss, slurp…”

After speaking in a slightly scratchy voice, Saki sucked up the other girl’s cries of pleasure with a kiss, sent her tongue every which way inside her mouth full of sweet saliva, and drove the girl’s erection toward ejaculation.

She covered the head with her hand, rubbed it with a circular motion, and attacked the sensitive tip until it had swollen to the limit.

“Hghh! Nh, nh, nh! Ahh…noooo, I really am going to cum..ahhhhh!”

“Go ahead! Cum! Ejaculate all you want!”

As Saki placed her thumb on the slit at the tip and rapidly rubbed that extremely-sensitive opening, the futanari girl’s penis was enveloped by pre-ejaculation convulsion.

“Kyaaaahhh! I’m cumming! Ah, ah, ah, nkhhhhhhhn!”

Yuka arched her back and the Sex Root at her crotch began throbbing uncontrollably.

A scorching milky stickiness erupted out so forcefully it seemed to want to push Saki’s hand off of the head.

“Yes! Cum even more! Don’t hold back! Squeeze it all out!”

Saki caught the hot surge on her hand, stroked the penis with fingers sticky with thick, jelly-like climax juice, and tried to get the girl to ejaculate even more.

“Hyah…ahee! Khah…ah, ahhh…nnnnnnnnhh!”

The pleasure of release was so intense that Yuka could only moan intermittently and the sweet throbbing of her penis felt like it would make her pass out, but she continued to ejaculate while clinging to Saki’s body.

As Saki continued the handjob, the milky spray got on more than just her fingers. The climax goo also splattered all over her nearly-naked body as the sweet eruption continued.

The ejaculation easily exceeded several dozen times the average semen quantity of a boy her age.

“Pant, pant, pant, pant…nhah, ahhhh…”

While Yuka moaned in the afterglow of orgasm, the rod at her crotch remained hard and it continued twitching while soaked with the milky liquid.

“Now for the real fun to begin. The pleasure might seem too great, but bear with it for just a bit.”

After speaking to the vessel girl, Saki pulled out a red pen and sent the pen tip racing across the penis head that was glistening from the remnants of the semen.

“Kyahhhh! Hee, no, ahhhhn!”

Yuka moaned from the sensation of the felt pen tip scraping against the sensitive head so soon after ejaculation, but Saki held the penis in place and drew a curse symbol there.

“Perpetual erection and divinity dispersal….that should keep it from disappearing even after ejaculating.”

Once she was done setting up, Saki lifted her body up and pressed her round mons pubis against the sensitive post-ejaculation penis.

“Hyah! Wh-what are you-…ahhhhhhhn!”

Yuka looked confused, raised a sweet and tense voice at the new sensation assaulting her crotch, and arched her back.

“I will provide you with a true orgasm to knock you out and summon the Sex God itself.”

Saki held Yuka around the hips, pressed the leather-covered slit firmly against raging erection, and delivered pleasure with an obscene up-and-down motion.

While pressed against the hard shaft, her mons pubis was squished obscenely down, forcing the slit below the leather to spread open with the Sex Root positioned between the soft lips while they stroked up and down.

The jelly-like milkiness on the erection was stirred up by the vulva rubbing and a raw sticky sound echoed within the bathroom stall.

“Th-that’s enough! I-it disappears when I cum, so…ahhhhn! No…no morrrrre!”

“Not yet! I cannot calm the Sex God if I stop now…nn…j-just a little more…bear with it.”

Yuka writhed from the intense pleasure as Saki leaned against her while wiggling her butt around. Saki herself could not keep the tremor from her voice thanks to the pleasure of rubbing her vulva against the hard penis.

“N-no, how can it feel so good…I-I can’t stand it! Don’t move so much! Hwah! Ah, hee, nhahhhh!”

In time with Yuka’s scream-like moans, the bathroom shook with a noise like green wood splitting. At the same time, the surrounding air began to spiral as it rapidly cooled.

(Is that a God Cry!? The spiritual energy is so much more concentrated than with the Demigods I’ve sealed before! If it’s grown this much…I could be in trouble…)

The God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden’s face stiffened as she continued her seductive hip movements.

She had sealed several high-level spirits in the past, but they had all been Demigods, beings that were only on the verge of divinity.

But this flesh pillar, which grew hotter and harder and throbbed all the more as Saki’s labia rubbed against it, was emitting far more spiritual energy than those Demigods and was distorting the surrounding space.

If she rushed this and attempted to tear it away by force, not only would she cause harm to Yuka as the vessel, but the Sex God’s power would run wild and it could cause tremendous damage to the surrounding school.

(My teacher said the God Entertainment ritual is a lot like dismantling a nuclear reactor. I need to be very careful.)

The tensed Curse Eater girl paid careful attention to the spiritual energy reaching her through her crotch while she continued pleasuring the wild Sex God.

The lewd movements of the sex act caused her butt to bounce and her vulva sent unbelievable pleasure to the swollen erection.

“Noooo! It’s going to burst! It’s going to shoot out! Hee! Hyahhhhn!”

Yuka could not bear the back-to-back waves of pleasure and she passed out when the second orgasm hit her.

Once the vessel had lost consciousness, the erection (which had reached climax without ejaculation this time) produced a straining sound and began to emit far more spiritual energy than before.

“Mh… So you’ve finally shown yourself, Sex Root. Kwah! Nhh! S-such powerful divine energy…!”

The girl had been trained in God Entertainment techniques, but her flushed and aroused face twisted in pleasure.

Each time the monster-size penis throbbed against her vulva, her leather-bound body convulsed as an overwhelming surge of pleasure pierced her crotch and threatened to rob her of her consciousness if she let her guard down.

(These waves of pleasure are almost enough for me to lose control of myself… A normal woman would likely orgasm to death. So this is a Sex God. This is the Sex Root.)

As a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden, Tokiwagi Saki had retained her virginity while being trained in all forms of sexual technique and curse spells and had modified her body so she could bear the inhuman levels of pleasure provided by Sex Gods. Yet with each throb of the Sex Root, the penis pressed against her vulva provided a wave of pleasure that just about overwhelmed her.

(I can’t let the pleasure get the better of me here… I must save Yuka and calm the manifested Sex God… That is my duty as a God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden!)

“Nn! Kh… I shall use my body and soul to pleasure your divine cock…”

Saki tensed her melting expression and resumed pleasuring the cute girl’s erection with a body trained for God Entertainment.

Rather than a battle to suppress the other with your strength, this was a divine act in which she calmed the wild god, removed it from the body of the girl who did not want to be a vessel, and transferred it to a new vessel.

And that new vessel would be the body of the exorcist girl Tokiwagi Saki who had been trained and transformed into a container for Sex Gods.

“I shall pleasure you with my breasts…”

She placed the backwards-curving erection in between her large breasts and shook her body to provide a titjob.

“Nhahhh, ah, ahhh…nh, khhhh!”

The parts of her breasts rubbing against the hot and hard shaft felt such incredible pleasure that hot moans escaped her mouth and the artistic curves of her naked body trembled.

While lodged between those weighty melons, the massive penis fired enough pleasure juice to mistake for an ejaculation and it left everything from her chest to her face entirely soaked and glistening.

“Nh…khh…ahh, slurp, lick, suck…slurp, slurp, slurp.”

Her face wet with the hot syrupy fluid, Saki used her tongue to just barely touch the giant penis head poking out from between her breasts.

The precum that wrapped around her tongue was permeated with thick divine energy and her taste buds shook from a hot stimulation much like tasting a strong drink.

“Nnh! Hyahh! Ah, hnn! Ahhh, ahhhhn!”

Yuka’s head had been hanging limply down since she had passed out, but now she began moaning with pleasure.

The voice was definitely Yuka’s, but an odd lingering echo trailed after the moans as they reverberated through the stall.

(Is that the god’s moans? They must enjoy this service. In that case…)

Saki used her tongue even more thoroughly to send pleasure to the tip of the massive penis.

“Ahm, nhh, suck, slurp, suck… Ahh, kiss, kiss, slurrrrp!”

She focused her licking on the slit at the tip and pressed her soft lips against it to suck while she used her breasts to rub up at the head, rub the overflowing precum across the shaft, and otherwise massage it.

“Ahhh, more, more…rub it…suck it! …Ohhhhhh!”

To obey the Sex God’s command given in Yuka’s voice, Saki heated up her combination titjob and blowjob. The manhood-shaped Sex God trembled with joy and squirted lots of its thick divine precum in her mouth.

(Almost there. I should be able to get the god itself to reside in the semen and be ejaculated.)

Confident the ceremony was working, Saki lifted her hips a bit and pushed aside the leather belt digging into her crotch. She revealed the bright pink slit and the light pink anus which were both glistening with the love juices that had flowed from her vagina.

“I cannot accept you into my vagina, so please accept the rear hole.”

She used her fingers to adjust the angle of the Sex Root as it trembled on the verge of ejaculation and she placed the head against the lovely bud of her anus.

“Nh… Using the rear hole for my first real penetration…is an odd feeling. Khh, nnn.”

She moaned a bit when she felt the hot penis head touch the sensitive indentation, but then she slowly lowered her butt. She relaxed the sphincter rather than fight the pressure and the tip of the head began to slide in.

“Hwah, no…don’t!”

After a silly-sounding cry in Yuka’s voice, the manhood vanished just before penetration.

“Eh!? Ahn!”

With its goal gone, Saki’s butt fell through empty air and she just about flipped backwards because she had been leaning back.

“Yuka, you came to? I was so close, but the Sex Root disappeared!”

The ceremony had been 99% complete, but it had failed unexpectedly right at the very end, so the God-Entertaining Shrine Maiden regained her balance and raised her voice without meaning to.

“I’m sorry… But please. Please don’t take my penis from me.”

This girl had been suffering from the throbbing of the manhood possessing her crotch, so Saki had not expected to hear this.

“What are you talking about? You were so close to being free, so why?”

“If the god possessing me goes away, you’ll lose interest in me, won’t you? I finally made a friend, so I couldn’t stand that!”

When Yuka tearfully pleaded with her, Saki breathed an exasperated sigh.

“Well, I can’t perform the God Entertainment without the vessel’s consent. Fine…I will put off sealing the God Root for now. Instead, I forbid you from masturbating from now on!”

“Ehhhh!? Th-that’s too much…”

Yuka grew tearful once more when she was ordered not to masturbate, but Saki kissed her and then spoke.

“Not to worry. If the Sex Root begins to throb, I will soothe it for you at any time. Until you know we aren’t bound by obligation and you can agree to have the Sex God sealed, confident it will not change our friendship, I will do it for you anytime, anyplace, and as often as it takes.”

The Curse Eater said this with a smile containing the perfect blend of sex appeal and dignity.

“I’m sorry for being so selfish. I really am… But please show me some of your kindness, Tokiwagi-san.”

When the girl began sobbing again, Saki gently stroked her head and gave her a fulfilled look one would not expect after failing to complete the God Entertainment.

And a few days later…

“U-um, Saki-san…can you do it again?”

Yuka approached Saki while she was preparing to leave school for the day.

Her tone and expression were hesitant, but her cheeks were red and a flame of deep and powerful desire flickered in her damp eyes.

“Yes, of course. Can you wait until we reach my apartment?”

The Class Rep nodded with a sexual look on her face. At least once a day ever since their promise, Saki had soothed the Sex Root that manifested itself at Yuka’s crotch.

When the throbbing was weaker, they would indulge themselves in uninterrupted pleasure at Saki’s luxury apartment, but when Yuka’s need was more urgent, they would have to run to an empty classroom or the bathroom so Saki could pleasure her there.

(It was my suggestion, but this has turned into quite a thrilling and erotic school life.)


Saki smiled bitterly as she left the classroom with the Sex Root girl.