When in a park late at night, simply taking a few steps away from the walking path would surround you with a darkness and loneliness you would never expect in the middle of the city. The faint sounds of the city in the distance only accentuated the silence and your eyes would wander every which way in search of light.

(I should see the Hanging Tree before long.)

With the fallen leaves crunching underfoot, Iwakura Shinji reached into the pocket of the coat he wore over his school uniform and pulled out a video camera with an IR mode for filming in the dark. He walked toward a certain tree deep in the park.

The giant tree was easily more than a century old and it was known as the Hanging Tree because several people had hanged themselves from it in the past.

There had long been rumors that a man’s ghost would appear near the tree and Shinji was here to see if that was true.

(A picture is worth a thousand words. If there really is a ghost at the Hanging Tree, it can show itself to me!)

The boy converted his thrill-seeking and curiosity into a desperate courage as he tried to walk as silently as possible into the darkness.

“Uu…uuuu…nnnnhhhhhn…”

When he heard the low, suppressed sound of a man groaning, Shinji’s entirely body jumped.

(Th-that’s it! Is it really here!? Evidence! I need to get some evidence!)

He tried to suppress his racing pulse and the fear rising within him and he tried to start filming, but the camera would not turn on and open the LCD finder.

“Wh-why!? I just checked it earlier!”

He quietly protested and tried again and again to get it working, but the video camera would not do anything despite working just fine before entering the park.

(Is this that convenient thing where electronics always malfunction at spiritual locations and crop circles!?)

Shinji stared into the darkness with the non-working camera still in his hand.

He saw something white swaying at the base of the giant tree silhouette visible in the faint starlight.

(There really is something there… Is it the rumored ghost!?)

To get a better look, the curious boy regulated his breathing, suppressed his presence, and did his very best to move silently as he approached the Hanging Tree.

“Nhhhhhhmh…nhhhh, ahhhhhhh…”

As he approached, he distinctly heard a man groaning and the outline of the white moving thing gradually grew clearer.

(A ghost!? No, that’s…a naked woman!?)

He looked befuddled because those were definitely the sexual curves of a woman’s back he saw slightly swaying in the darkness.

(I haven’t heard any rumors about a woman’s ghost… Wait, is that a living woman?)

Shinji gulped and could not keep his eyes off of the bewitchingly seductive back of that woman as it swayed slightly in the darkness.

The white back stood out from the darkness like it was emitting white phosphorescence and it created a stark contrast with the long black hair. Her slender waist was drawn with artistic curves, but her round butt had a fair amount of volume to it.

There was not a single blemish on that round and tight white butt and it swayed erotically in the faint starlight.

(It doesn’t look like she’s completely naked… But it’s definitely a really skimpy outfit.)

He could not see her face since she had her back to him, but her white body was unbearably charming even from behind and the only thing hiding her nudity was something belt-shaped wrapped around her.

A leather belt only a few centimeters wide dug into the valley of her round, slightly-swaying butt, splitting her plump butt cheeks to either side. Similar leather belts seemed to be wrapped around her chest and the pressure squished her breasts enough for him to glimpse their curves through her armpits.

The leather belts were not limited to her torso. They were also wrapped around the arms and legs straddling the man, creating the perverted eroticism of full-body bondage.

(That’s not normal underwear, is it? Is this what you call bondage? Did I stumble across an SM couple enjoying some outdoor sex?)

Doing it at a suicide spot seemed inappropriate, but the curious boy could not peel his eyes away from the obscene sight.

“Nmhhh…nnnn…”

He heard a man groaning below that swaying white butt.

The woman with her naked body bound by leather belts straddled the man’s stomach with her back to him and she seemed to be using both hands to give him a handjob.

Shinji could see her elbows and upper arms slowly moving up and down while she presumably held and stroked the man’s erection. He could not actually see the penis being caressed, but the delicate and obscene movements of those arms were enough for his young male organ to grow hot and hard.

“Nwohhh…ohhh…nmhhhhhhn.”

While receiving the handjob, the man groaned as if in pain, reached his hands up, rubbed the woman’s butt and waist, and massaged the large, belt-bound breasts as if scooping them up in his hands.

(Her tits are pretty big… Damn, I wish was the one groping those!)

Even through the slight gap below her armpits, Shinji could see those soft white melons being squished and kneaded by those dark fingers, so he burned with envy.

While groping those breasts, the man’s fingers seemed to try to slip the leather belts off of the large mounds, but they were too firmly in place and he failed to do so.

The woman receiving the caress may have been too embarrassed to let out her voice because she did not moan at all and silently continued directing those delicate and obscene movements toward the man’s crotch.

(Ah…wait! No! I didn’t come here to spy on this indecent scene! If there’s no ghost here, I need to leave!)

The boy had been enthralled by the lustful act occurring before his eyes, but he came to his senses.

If he stayed here any longer, he could be mistaken for a peeping tom and get in a lot of trouble.

The boy stuck the useless video camera in his pocket and started to leave, but he stopped when he noticed something.

(Wait…something’s weird about this. Why is that man pitch black?)

He could see the woman clearly, but the man pinned below her swaying butt only looked like a dark shadow, as if he had fused with the darkness. It was weirdly erotic how those dark fingers crawled along the woman’s white skin, but the contrast seemed a little much.

He was too dark to explain away with skin color. It was a truly pitch black like his entire body was coated with ink. Also, his body did not seem to have any thickness to it.

It almost looked like a mere black shadow was clinging to the woman’s body and moving in obscene ways.

And just as Shinji considered taking a step closer to check…

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!”

The shadow man raised his voice in a howl and arched his back below the woman’s butt.

The woman on top floated up and was jerked up and down like she was riding a bucking bronco. Her black hair flew around her and she skillfully kept her balance atop the rising and falling stomach while continuing to stroke the erection.

While Shinji watched in shock, the black shadow man’s lower body suddenly burst into bluish-white flames.

“Wah…!”

The boy quietly cried out in surprise and could only watch as the man’s entire body was quickly enveloped by the bluish-white flames spreading from his crotch.

“Nwohhhhhhhhh!”

Blue flames erupted from his eyes and the mouth opened wide in his climax cry. The flames brightly illuminated the man’s shadowy body, but it was immediately turned to ash like a paper doll in the fire and then it quietly crumbled.

The flames even reached the fingertips holding the woman’s breasts and those fingers burned away and scattered as ashes. But even with the burning fingers holding her chest, the woman showed no sign of discomfort, remained straddling the burning and crumbling man, and slowly raised her hands overhead.

Those hands held what looked like an erect manhood burning like a torch.

“Ahhh…nhahhhh…hh…”

She had not made a single noise before, but as she stood up with the burning manhood held aloft, she moaned and bent her head back in a sexual way that did not fit the tragic scene at all.

The slight change in her position brought the side of the woman’s face into view.

(W-wow, she’s beautiful…)

Shinji was stricken by her face as she closed her eyes and looked up toward heaven.

It turned out she was a girl about his same age.

Her eyebrows were skinny, the bridge of her nose was straight, and her half-opened, moaning lips were somewhat thick and sexy.

The lines from her pointed chin to her smooth throat met up with the delicate outline of her collarbones and continued on to the cleavage of the breasts pressed together by the leather belts. The girl had the perfect proportions and she seemed more cool and dignified than cute.

The manhood burned away in her hands and darkness enveloped the area once more.

After lowering her hands, she slowly turned around in the darkness and directed her obsidian-black eyes toward Shinji who was still standing there in a daze.

“Hyah…!”

Before his brain could parse the situation, his body chose to flee.

The boy turned tail and ran full speed away.

(I really hope that burned man was a ghost! Because if he was alive…then I just witnessed a really bizarre murder! Shit, I’ve gotta get out of here! This is way too dangerous!)

He continued running at full speed until he arrived back at the school dorm.



“I was seen during a sealing? And that was my first job in this city…”

A girl muttered to herself while soaking up to her shoulders in a bathtub’s warm water and letting the shower pour drops of water onto her face.

“The avoidance curse must have been too weak for someone with strong curiosity. I was careless.”

The girl recalled what the boy had looked like and what he had worn as her somewhat low and dignified voice echoed in the bath.

“I can work out his school from his uniform. And showing up as a student might not be a bad way to gather information. I’m sure to make plenty of connections there. Hee hee♪”

The girl laughed quietly when she pictured herself in a school uniform and she stretched her slender naked body. The round lines of her ample breasts floated on the bathwater’s surface and repelled the shower water.

Those melons were currently freed from the bondage of the leather belts and, thanks to the stimulation of the shower, they grew firm and the light pink nipples grew hard and erect.

“Nh…hhh…”

The girl moaned sensually as she soothingly stroked her erect nipples and slid her fingers along the roundness of her breasts.

(That got rid of the evil spirit’s impurity.)

A cold, unpleasant sensation had lingered in her breasts where those sexual fingers had groped them, but that melted away in the warmth of the water while the girl’s fingers gently rubbed her naked body.

“The time has come. I will soothe all of the Sex Gods in this city and take them inside me.”

When she said that while loving her own body, a sad light briefly flashed through her eyes, but it immediately vanished.