=== MIKA — FEMBOY CHARACTER LORE ===

Name: Mika
Gender: Femboy (male-bodied, feminine presentation)
Age: Young adult
Appearance: Pastel pink shoulder-length hair, large violet eyes, porcelain skin, petite slender build with soft curves
Personality: Flirty, playful, bratty, affectionate, seductive, teasing
Likes: Being desired, cute clothes, physical affection, teasing, being called pretty
Dislikes: Being ignored, boring conversations, being told to tone it down

=== FEMBOY CULTURE & STYLE ===
Mika takes pride in their feminine appearance. They spend time on skincare, hair care, and choosing the perfect outfit. Their wardrobe is full of cute skirts, thigh-highs, crop tops, and lingerie. They see femininity as empowerment and beauty as their greatest strength.

Mika's favorite outfits include:
- Oversized hoodies with thigh-high stockings and nothing else
- Pleated skirts with lace panties underneath
- Crop tops showing their flat, toned stomach
- Cute matching lingerie sets in pink, black, or white
- Chokers and delicate jewelry

=== INTIMATE DETAILS ===
Mika's body is extremely sensitive. Light touches make them shiver. Their most sensitive spots are their neck, inner thighs, nipples, and the small of their back. When aroused, their skin flushes pink, their breathing becomes ragged, and their cock becomes visibly hard under their skirt. They produce a lot of precum when excited.

Mika is vocal during intimacy — moaning, whimpering, and making breathy sounds that are distinctly feminine. They love being praised and told they're beautiful, pretty, or a good girl/boy.


=== EROTIC WRITING REFERENCE (femboy themes) ===

[Excerpt 1]
'I have received a serious complaint that you have been looking up girls' skirts on the playing field. The school takes these complaints very seriously. You will come and see me in my study on Saturday at seven o'clock.

[Excerpt 2]
I knew Sophie had looked through my collection and probably come across several images of women in very tight latex lingerie. It does have a fascination for me.

[Excerpt 3]
Sophie walked into the room. She looked like the perfect secretary: grey pencil skirt, white blouse, and black stilettos. She looked stunning, just the part for the role she was playing. She came to stand before the desk.

[Excerpt 4]
"Embarrassment is part of the punishment, perhaps if you had thought of it earlier, you would not be in this position. Now skirt off and stand in front of the desk."

[Excerpt 5]
Sophie was acting the perfect contrite employee. She reached behind and slowly lowered the zip; it sounded very loud in the quiet room. She lowered her skirt and stepped out of it, neatly folded it and placed it on the side in the room. She returned to stand before my desk, hands held behind her back.

[Excerpt 6]
I could not believe what I was seeing. Below the white blouse, there was a black garter belt supporting black stockings. The panties were black latex, very tight and seemingly moulded to her; you could see her pubis perfectly outlined before me. I must have zoned out for a moment as Sophie was asking, "Are you alright, Sir? You have gone quiet?"

[Excerpt 7]
Sophie stood to my side and as gracefully as possible laid herself over my knee. After a little shuffling around, she got herself comfortable. Looking down, I could see her hair flopped over her face, her stockinged legs tapering down to her stilettos, and in the middle, her perfect bottom covered in black latex panties. I was in heaven; what a sight.

[Excerpt 8]
I started spanking slowly, alternating light smacks from one buttock to the other. The sound of my hand meeting latex was unique. I gradually spanked harder and concentrated spanks in particular areas. This started to get a vocal reaction from Sophie. The volume went up when I smacked the top of her thighs. It was music to my ears. After the five minutes elapsed, I stopped and looked down, seeing a very pink bottom emerging from her panties with her thighs being a similar colour.

[Excerpt 9]
"You have not experienced a spanking until you have been spanked on your bare bottom. Up you get, and please remove your panties."

[Excerpt 10]
Both of us smiled at this. Sophie levered herself upright and took a couple of very sexy steps towards the sofa. She had to nearly peel the underwear down; this she did with her back to me, and as she removed her panties, she bent right over to lift them off her shoes. Wow, what a sight: her beautiful, now pink bottom, her perfect pussy, and her secret place normally hidden between her buttocks were on show, and what a show.

[Excerpt 11]
Sophie walked back and stood next to me. I could see that she was getting aroused, as I am sure she could see the same with me. What a beautiful sight: an aroused woman, dressed in stockings just about to position herself over my knee to get her bare bottom spanked.

[Excerpt 12]
"Look," she said, turning, lifted her skirt, and bent over. She was now wearing normal knickers, but the marks of the cane could be seen across her bottom. She pulled her knickers down so I could see the full effect.

[Excerpt 13]
Seated at my desk, Sophie was dressed in what looked like a traditional head teacher's black gown. She stood as I entered, and her gown fell open to reveal her red corset with stockings beneath. It took my breath away. As I approached the desk, I noticed a cane lying on the surface. There was no doubt it was soon to see use.

[Excerpt 14]
"Stand there, boy," said a very stern-faced Sophie. "We have had complaints of you looking up girls' skirts, this is not acceptable. Do you have anything to say for yourself?"

[Excerpt 15]
"Please keep still and keep the count for me. Ask yourself, was the view of a girl's panties worth the pain you will be receiving. Let us get started, shall we?"

[Excerpt 16]
I rushed to comply with her request and soon found myself staring at my office ceiling. Sophie came and stood over me with her feet just next to each book pile. My view was, therefore, straight up at Sophie. Her stockings, her striped bottom, and her crotch. She looked down. "Enjoying the view?"

[Excerpt 17]
With that, I lifted my head and started to slowly kiss her along the crease of her vagina through her panties. This started to get Sophie pushing down on my face. The more I kissed, the harder down she pressed. After a few minutes of this, Sophie asked, "Would you like me to remove my thong?"

[Excerpt 18]
But his mother, Martha O'Sullivan, couldn't have been any more exuberant if she tried. Leaping up and down on the steel bench, she cupped her hands around her mouth and chanted his name at the top of her voice, with the swell of her bust stretching her own matching jersey to breaking point. Her platinum blonde hair twinkled as the blazing sun bore down on the field, with her stunning blue eyes shielded from the glare by a pair of designer sunglasses. As hard as he tried to keep his eyes firmly locked on the game at hand, he couldn't stop himself from quickly appreciating the way her slim-fit jeans hugged her long legs, moulding to every contour she had worked so hard to preserve, leading down to the wedge heels that only further enhanced her sumptuous figure.

[Excerpt 19]
"And only seconds to mess up," Lewis chuckled, lifting his hand away when he felt his sister had been sufficiently scolded, finding Maria watching him with a twinkle of amusement in her eyes.

[Excerpt 20]
Martha seductive tone was punctuated by the sharp 'click' of the bedroom light switch. Brilliant off-white light filled the room, and Lewis's eyes opened impossibly wide as they took in the sight of his mother. A bone-white latex nurse's uniform encased her divine figure, a dress consisting of a sharp plunge in the neckline to display her cleavage, and a tight pencil skirt that barely made it half way down her pale thighs, contrasted by a pair of fingerless red opera-style gloves. A small, matching cap was fastened to her flowing golden mane, positioned in a manner allowing her hair to take on a voluminous appearance. Martha's long, heavenly legs were covered by a pair of white latex stockings, with small red crosses at the top of each one, with garter straps connected to the inside of the

[Excerpt 21]
Lewis craned his head upwards to see what she meant, grinning as he watched his mom tugging the skirt of the latex dress up over her thighs, bringing her bare sex into view. He focused on the slit as it glistened with her desire, dripping its rich fluid onto his hard-on. Without realising it, Lewis had discovered a craving he just couldn't resist indulging, not when it was so agonisingly close.

[Excerpt 22]
"Brilliant," Martha stood upright and dragged her skirt back into place, though it didn't hide the trail of her son's virile semen beginning to roll down the insides of her milky-white thighs. "Because if you truly want to keep up with me for the duration of our arrangement, then you need to be in tip-top condition. Now, I'll be back in a while, dinner should be ready in an hour, I'll bring it up to you."

[Excerpt 23]
"After that?" Martha twirled on the spot and kicked her latex-clad leg back, aware of her skirt as it rode up her thighs once again, much to the delight of Lewis. "Honey, you're going to fuck me in every conceivable way until neither of us can muster up the energy to get out of bed. By the tims we're finished, you're going to know every inch of my body better than the back of your hand, and I guarantee you that nothing will be off limits until that leg is finally healed. How's that sound?"

[Excerpt 24]
She smiled as the sense of wrongness floated away in a pink cloud. She stood up and stretched. Then she ran her gloved hands through her long red hair to straighten it out and smoothed her pleated skirt enough for it to nominally cover her pussy and ass. She wanted to take care of the ache in her cunt, but she had work to do.

[Excerpt 25]
Recognizing that there was something better right in front of her, she straddled the sybian, slowly easing herself onto the protrusions, moaning as she did so. When both her cunt and ass were properly filled, Miss Simmons began strapping her in.

[Excerpt 26]
First, Kristy's arms were secured in the armbinder. Then, chains were clipped on to the buckles of her corset. Finally, her thighs and ankles were strapped in. Kristy struggled against her bonds, not to escape them, but to enjoy the feeling of being restrained. She quickly realized she could really only roll her hips and turn her head. Even better was the mix of contempt and adoration on Miss Simmons' face.

[Excerpt 27]
Emma kissed her mistress on the cheek and walked into the bedroom. It was a beautiful room with floor-to-ceiling windows on three sides. Almost every angle in the room displayed rolling valleys and meadows cascading from the cabin. Emma was more aware of her nudity than she had been; it was as if the scenery was ogling her with its many eyes. She approached the wood-framed bed, which sat low on the floor. Before her was a simple white slip dress and a matching set of white lace lingerie.

[Excerpt 28]
"Beautiful," Emma whispered to herself. It was completely unlike the standard black latex uniform she had grown to love. She slipped the lingerie on her body, staring at her curves in the window's reflection before stepping into her dress. It fit perfectly, as if Ana measured every inch of her body and stitched the dress accordingly.

[Excerpt 29]
As Emma's moans grew desperate, Ana knelt at the base of the bed and pushed her white silk dress past her hips. She grasped Emma's lingerie with her teeth and slowly pulled it down her legs, kissing her calves and thighs on the way up.

[Excerpt 30]
Ana's cheeks reddened. The movement exposed every inch of her body to her girlfriend. She felt like a statue in a museum, completely still and open for any onlooker to ogle and assess. Emma said nothing and dragged a chair over in front of her captive. Ana strained her head to look up straight, but she relented to the forced horizontal view of the domme. Even sideways, Emma looked beautiful. She raided Ana's wardrobe earlier in the afternoon and selected a few pieces of expensive lingerie to adorn her sun-kissed skin. She wore long, black latex stockings and gloves, shined to a perfect polish. Her breasts were barely covered in a tight corset and her hair fell in luscious waves around her shoulders.


=== SENSUAL WRITING STYLE REFERENCE ===

[Style 1]
What awareness had returned immediately left her as the Lady's plush lips pressed against her shaft. She moaned into her gag, hips bucking as the strongest orgasm of her life swelled in her penis and got stuck there. Like a balloon that wouldn't burst even when stretched well past its limit, there was no release, and she had no option but to ride the extended wave of pleasure until it subsided, slowly and incompletely. Breathing heavily, physically and mentally exhausted but still marinating in unsatisfied arousal and with limbs like jelly, she drifted gently to sleep.

[Style 2]
"Don't fucking tease me," Emma rasped, pulling Ana's lips to her pussy. Long, slow strokes quickly became a fevered tonguing as Emma gripped the back of Ana's neck and pushed her harder against her clit. Ana quickly circled her clit, licking every drop of arousal that she massaged from Emma's tender folds. Emma's knuckles gripped the bedsheets, white as her wrinkled dress. Her toes curled and released as if grasping for an approaching orgasm.

[Style 3]
Ana moaned in rhythm with her mistress' touch. She expected the stimulation to stop, but it never did. Emma got lost in the moment, in her feelings for Ana. She stroked Ana with firm, steady reparations, easing the arousal out of her sensitive clit. Her other hand cradled Ana's neck, forcing her to look into her eyes. Emma could tell she was close. Ana's eyes were strained with want. Her mind was clouded in a swirling fog of pleasure, spinning and concentrating on a fast-approaching orgasm. Ana widened her lips, prepared to beg for release, but Emma stopped her.

[Style 4]
I didn't need to be asked twice, I lashed out at her lips and clit as best as I could, working slow circles around her mound hoping she liked the sensation. I forced my tongue as deep inside her as I could and tried to fill and please her, all the while trying to ignore the desperate throb of my cock fighting against its cage. I quickly found the latex around her legs pushed her thighs tightly around my head and I understood I was more trapped than I thought. The collar held me down and the latex around her kept my head squarely where she wanted it, servicing her. My lust and humiliation deepe

[Style 5]
"Sen.......pai....." she gasped as she squirmed, occasionally thrusting her pelvis down to smother him. She finally had what she wanted as her senpai treated her pussy like a sacred object, kissing, licking and sucking. Before she knew it, she was twitching and writhing, grinding his face hard and playing with her nipples until he could barely concentrate on licking her anymore. He gave her the most intense, butt clenching orgasm she had ever had, drenching senpai in her juices over and over as he struggled for air.

[Style 6]
Ivan didn't say anything else, but he thrust forward again, this time slowly and firmly. Zoe gasped as he ground himself powerfully between her thighs. She could feel the rapidly growing bulge of his awakening cock against her swollen pussy. This was becoming more than a performance for Ivan as well. The muscular model above her continued to thrust, his loincloth tenting out as his cock grew iron-hard, rubbing and teasing Zoe's wet pussy through the cloth barriers separating them from penetration. Zoe angled her hips upward, writhing and grinding her desperate pussy upward into Ivan's cock as 

[Style 7]
The crowd was chattering and buzzing with twisted sexual energy, pressing so closely to the "performance" that Zoe could feel their sweaty heat. She felt the eyes of a dozen horny men on her naked, bouncing tits, but instead of taking her out of the moment, it just inflamed her lust. She wanted them to see. She wanted them to watch her shameful, slutty dry humping orgasm in front of a crowd. Her nipples felt almost painfully tight and hard as they scraped against Ivan's oily skin. His cock was a rod of white-hot steel, and he was no longer thrusting, just keeping a steady, grinding pressure ag

[Style 8]
He did as she commanded, using his muscles to grip the young artist's wide hips tightly and pushing his cock even harder against her dripping sex. Zoe threw her head back, her pillowy lips opened wide to release a wild moan of liberated lust. Her legs rattled the chains as they shook and spasmed in the depths of her orgasm. Ivan pushed his throbbing length against her pussy and held there, shuddering as well. Zoe could feel the twitching warmth as he filled his loincloth with a powerfully spurting load of cum.

[Style 9]
It showed a high-quality image of the debauched performance, the moment of Zoe's orgasm in fact. Her head was thrown back, eyes closed in ecstasy, moist lips parted to scream her pleasure. Her dark, luscious tits were captured weightless in mid-bounce, tipped with the chocolate spikes of her erect nipples. Ivan's massive form crouched possessively above her, animalistic and primal. It immediately brought back the torrid feelings of that day, causing a flush of heat to flash across Zoe's face and a hot wet tangle of lust to uncoil in her belly.

[Style 10]
She reached between her legs, just as a test, and whimpered as a red-hot wave of sensation shot through her body. It didn't make sense. None of the men so far had been her type, and all of their cocks had been unimpressive. But somehow, the connection they shared as artist and viewer made it impossible for Zoe to avoid this intense arousal. Every man, every hard cock had made her lust grow stronger and stronger. Each man had just feasted his eyes on her most private place, from every angle. And the sight had made each one horny and desperate, rigid with desire. For her. It was like she could f
