Thunderclaps: Chapter 4 - No Man’s Play

“An alien gave me this Power Bracelet, so I can’t say for sure what’s going to happen to you.”

(1964, from the voice recorder within a Ferris Air passenger plane)
Warning given by Emeraldman to the Flying Fangs sky pirates



“Ahhhh!”

Kirara was certain she was going to achieve orgasm this time when Joy strongly stroked her exposed clitoris.

But right before she did, Joy let go of that pleasure center and stopped the attack.

Once the sisterly anal play was over, the attack on Kirara’s female sex organ had begun. But this time she was not allowed to cum. The djinn’s skilled oral and digital technique brought her to the edge of climax over and over but never let her actually reach it.

More than just caress her clitoris and vaginal entrance, Joy would suck on her erect clit while fingering her ass with two fingers. She had just experienced so many anal orgasms, so she reacted sensitively to that stimulation, making it easier for her to cum, but Joy controlled things with perfect precision.

The attack on her breasts continued as well.

Kirara had never known until Doctor Disorder told her, but her nipples were more made to ejaculate a semen-like substance much like a penis’s urethra. The Doctor had designed special ultra-thin vibrators that were inserted into her nipples to pleasure them. She felt faint seeing her own nipples looking extra thick and vibrating every which way from the objects inside them.

The inside of her breasts was being sexually tormented in a way that was simply not possible with normal human anatomy and both her breasts quickly achieved climax. But with the vibrators blocking up her nipples, they could not ejaculate. Without the ejaculation, she could not truly orgasm, so the incredible pleasure and the desire to squirt out all that titcum (as Doctor Disorder had named it) continued to rise endlessly. Her breasts felt like they were going to burst if she did not get some relief soon.

The stimulation continued while her vulva, ass, and breasts were brought to the edge of orgasm and no further.

“Ah, ahh…nh, nhh…I…”

“You want to cum, don’t you? All you have to do is ask, Kirary. Just say you want to cum and I’ll give you as many orgasms as you want.”

Joy made that demand while moving her tongue all around inside Kirara’s vagina, stroking Kirara’s clit with her right hand, and fingering Kirara’s ass with her left hand.

Kirara used what little willpower she had left to shake her head.

“N-no…ahn…I don’t want to…khh…cum. I’m never…asking you for that. Ah, ahh.”

“Then you’ll never, ever get any relief. I’m willing to keep teasing you for days on end, but I’m not so sure you can last that long. Back in Persia and Egypt, all the woman I did this too either passed out or went insane after half a day of this.”

“Oh, you don’t have to worry about that.”

Doctor Disorder’s amused voice invaded Kirara’s mind while she desperately tried to fight her own body’s desires.

“I did not design Kirara to be so frail. She could keep going for a whole week.”

Eclipse was wiggling her butt around at the Doctor’s hips. She was being penetrated by her father from behind while standing there.

He must have had some kind of bizarre bodily enhancement done because he had a giant flesh penis on one half of his body and a giant mechanical one on the other side. He was using his two penises to spread open both his daughter’s holes at once. He had of course reached around to grope her large breasts with his strengthened grip and titcum was squirting from her nipples.

“Ahhh, father, I can’t get enough of your big cocks! I’m cumming again! My tits are cumming again! My ass is cumming again! My pussy is cumming again! Ahhh, I love your hard and thick cocks, father!!”

The younger sister had cried out in pleasure countless times in front of the older sister who was denied that pleasure.

Kirara shuddered as she watched her sister drip with various pleasure fluids.

(If I ask to cum just once, I’ll end up like that too. I have to resist. I have to.)

Her desperate resolve was nearly shattered by a single kiss to her clit.

“Ah, ahhhn…ahn…no, no. nhhh.”

“Nhh, ah, I’m cumming again, father.”

The metal room echoed with the duet of moans from the two sisters.



Ocelot stood alone at an undisclosed location deep in the thickest forest within the Yamanote Line. She should have seen the bright and shining moon in the night sky when she looked up, but the forest canopy hid it from view. Her surroundings were blotted out by deep shadows.

With no light to speak of, she sucked in the natural night air while transformed into her bestial form.

She borrowed the forest’s spiritual energy to send her soul into the distance.

After a few minutes, she received three responses.

The darkness in front of her moved.

The darkness itself seemed to spread its wings like a bat and then that darkness became a cloak the color of the night. The face of a pale young man wearing sunglasses in the middle of the night appeared atop the closed cloak.

“Silence, thank you for coming.”

True to his name, Silence did not speak a word. Instead, his right hand extended from the cloak and its fingers bent in a way that entirely ignored the location of the joints. When Ocelot saw the shape of his fingers, the words “it was nothing” came to mind.

Silence was a priest who served a nameless god of darkness and silence unknown to most everyone in the world. Those who served that nameless god provided their own voice in offering. In exchange, the were given a magical sign language that was understood by anyone in the world.

“I’m here, Ocelot.”

A cute voice sounded from overhead and something large dropped down among a rustling of the leaves.

A Tosa large enough to mistake for a bear landed on all fours. A girl wearing a famous elementary school’s adorable uniform plus a frilly cape was seated on the dog’s powerful back. She held a pink baton with the end shaped like a dog’s head.

“Sorry about calling you here so late, Wise Puppy-chan.”

The girl called Wise Puppy was the heir to an ancient clan of Inugami users, but no one in her elementary school was aware of that.

Another presence had appeared as well.

A glowing white mist crawled along the ground toward Ocelot. The glowing mist stood up in front of the catgirl and took the form of a middle-aged man in an old-fashioned suit.

“Miss Kitty, it has been a year since we last met, has it not?”

“It has, Professor Glow. Thanks for coming.”

Silence, Wise Puppy, and Professor Glow were all magical superheroes. But unlike the Thunderclaps, the Justice Circus, and Red Widow, most people did not know they existed. They were living urban legends who used mystical powers to fight evil in secret.

Ocelot told the three of them about Flare’s disappearance.

“Hm.” Professor Glow tilted his shining head. “I do not know if it is related to Miss Flare’s disappearance, but Salem has left his retirement home.”

Ocelot’s cat ears pricked up.

“Salem? You mean Master Enigma!? He’s been retired for so long. Why would he leave now?”
Master Enigma was the world’s very first magical superhero. He was a legendary figure who was respected in the scientific field for convincing scientists that magic did indeed exist. He had retired as a hero in ’75 and Ocelot had only known he had retired to some secret location. Her younger generation had never actually met him, so he was like a legendary magician of the past to her.

“If you can believe it, I was actually one of Master Enigma’s apprentices and he informs me whenever he visits Japan during his retirement. It seems some spirit has begun acting up and it caught his attention.”

The modern generation of magic users exchanged a glance at what Professor Glow told them.



“Ah, ahh, nh.”

Strings of drool dripped from Kirara’s mouth.

“Ahn, hh, nh, khn.”

She was soaked with sweat and a puddle had formed at her feet. That included her love juices. Her clitoris and the rest of her vulva were red and swollen after the constant torment and they provided a never-ending throbbing pleasure.

“Nh, nh…ahhh…ah, ah.”

With the vibrators plugging up her nipples, the titcum built up with nowhere to go, so her breasts were visibly swollen. They looked like they would pop from a pinprick.

Yet she was still denied orgasm.

“Ahh, ah…I…I…”

She could not think straight. The endless hell of no orgasmic release despite the endless storm of pleasure had drowned out her rational mind, her pride, her hatred, and her anger. Her numbed mind could only think about how much she wanted to cum.

The djinn’s sweet voice further stirred up the nightmarish pleasure swirling through her sluggish mind.

“How are you doing, Kirary? You reached your limit a while back, didn’t you?”

“Ah…ah…nhh.”

She could sense it herself. The hot pleasure was melting the surface of her brain into goop that dragged her deep into darkness.

Each drip was a memory from her two years of life vanishing: the first time she had fought against a criminal in the city. When she had met Rei. When she had found Shizuko in the streets while mimicking the way Rei had found her wandering the streets. Her tension when first wearing the Flare costume on Rei’s recommendation. Her joy at being accepted by the people as a superhero. Her anger toward the acts of the criminals. Her sorrow at those lost when her strength had not been enough. The satisfaction when she saved a life. The comfort found with her teammates.

It all melted away.

As did something deeper inside her. Something more important. That memory was of only a few days, but it had informed who she chose to be afterwards. Yet now it lost its shape and thus all meaning and value.

Her memories of her mother, her mother’s words, and her mother’s teachings all fell away.

Once it was all gone, something she had not known even existed rose up from beneath. It was a bubbling chaos. The roiling magma of desire. That was the base program designed by Doctor Disorder and engraved into the artificial brain he had created. It was identical to what she saw in Eclipse. She was certain of it now – Eclipse was no different from herself.

With nothing left to restrain it, that dark and greedy program erupted up from the depths of her brain and the abyss of her subconscious. The raging lava of desire invaded her mind, scorched her, and changed her into something else entirely.

Like a phoenix reborn in the flames, she was born anew in that dark magma that felt like silent scream of despair.

The program that was now herself set her artificial lips and tongue in motion.

“P-please.”

(No. Don’t say it.)
A shred of her mind desperately protested, but it was so puny and weak. It was no longer the most powerful voice within her.

“I can’t stand it anymore.”

(There’s no going back if I say it. I’ll be corrupted. So don’t say it.)

“What do you want, Kiraryyyyy?”
(Don’t say it!)

She could not tell if her lips moved against her will or if her will itself commanded it.

“L-let me…cum.”

“And how should I do that?”
Kirara still hesitated to answer that, but her impatient voice came out anyway.

“P-pleasure my…crotch and…butt. Ahh, and let me shoot milk…from my nipples.”

“But, but, but. Do that and you’ll lose your virginity. Are you sure you want that?”

“I-I don’t care. Just do it. Let me cum.”

“Yay, you actually said it!”

Joy applauded and rang the bells on her arms and legs as she danced.

“You said it, you totally said it! Doctor, Kirary was finally honest with us.”

“Very well.”

After bringing Eclipse to climax enough times to satisfy her, Doctor Disorder had been watching Kirara in satisfaction and he now grinned.

“But I wouldn’t want my daughter to lose her virginity to a mere vibrator, so I have prepared someone for her. Eclipse, go call them in.”

Eclipse gave her sister a cruel smile and left that room that reeked of sex.

A few minutes later, she returned with two large figures following her. They were so big they made the large metal room look cramped.

Kirara’s sweaty face stiffened in shock and disgust.

“I-I’m supposed to…do it with them?”
One of the men looked to be in his mid-twenties. He stood over 2m tall and wore only cobalt blue shorts and boots, but his manly face and muscular body were plenty attractive.

Or they would have been.

But that man was very obviously dead.

His skin was purple, his eyes were empty, and his mouth hung open.

His shirtless body showed even more obvious signs of death. He had wounds running from his Adam’s apple to his navel and from one underarm to the other, forming a cross shape. The cuts were deep enough to reach the bone. The wounds hung open like an unbuttoned shirt and his thick muscles dangled down. His ribs and the discolored organs within were visible. All his blood had already clotted and flowed out of him, so it could have been worse.

A few days ago, the news had mentioned a famous pro wrestler suddenly dying in the middle of a match. There had been reason to suspect poison, so he had been given an autopsy, but the corpse had gotten up mid-autopsy, killed the doctor, and fled. This man here was that very wrestler.

The other man had a powerful light of life in his black eyes and his complexion looked healthy enough.

There was still a problem, however. He was not human.

He was a mountain gorilla wearing a bright Hawaiian shirt and Bermuda shorts.

“Allow me to introduce you. These are my friends from Ogasawara, Braindead and Animalism. They have very similar Offbeat powers, so I invited them here together.

“Are you insane!?” The wrestler’s dead vocal cords raised a rough protest against the Doctor’s words. “Me? Similar to that ape!? I’m insulted. Animalism is a low-level thought entity who can only possess the bodies of animals.”

The gorilla raised his thick right arm and shouted back.

“That’s my line! Braindead is a talentless monster who can only take over dead bodies.”

“Ha! If you don’t like being called a lowly animal then try possessing a human.”

“Shut up! Then you try taking over a living body, you rotting zombie.”

“Get away from me, you smelly animal! You’ll give me fleas!”

“You think I smell? You smell like rotting garbage!”

They were apparently too similar for their own good. The cadaver and the gorilla were just about to start fist fighting when the Doctor shouted at them.

“Settle down or I won’t let you fuck Flare.”

The two parasite Offbeats glared at each other but fell silent.

Eclipse removed the chains on Kirara’s arms. When she subconsciously reached for her crotch, her arms were forcibly twisted behind her back and handcuffed together.

Her arms were bound behind her back and her naked butt was seated on the floor. A wet sound came from the love juices soaking her below her costume’s skirt. The tits spilling out of her torn costume vibrated every which way thanks to the nipple vibrators.

Braindead and Animalism had not been told Kirara’s identity. They only saw her as Flare. The cadaver and the gorilla gulped at the famous superhero’s embarrassing state. Joy leaned in and whispered in Kirara’s ear.

“Okay, Kirary. These lovely gentlemen will make you cum, so here’s the proper way to ask them for it.”

“I-I could…never say that.”

“Then we’ll ask the gorilla and the zombie to leave while you spend another night like this.”

“I-I’ll say it! Let me say it!”

Kirara moved her wet knees to move toward Braindead and Animalism. Her damp and heated eyes looked up at their muscular bodies.

“Master Braindead, Master Animalism. Ahh, please calm the carnal throbbing within me. I am still a virgin, but I am a – ahh – shamelessly horny woman.”

She would normally have preferred to bite off her own tongue than say that, but she felt no real resistance now. The sexual flames scorching her body made anything possible for her.

“P-please take my vaginal and anal virginities…with your enormous cocks. And fuck me good and hard.”

The gorilla and the zombie exchanged a glance.

“I didn’t see this coming.”

“Yeah, who’d’ve thought Flare of the Thunderclaps would ask villains like us for sex?”

“But we’ve got our reputations as villains to hold up, so we can’t just say ‘sure’ when a hero asks something of us.”

The Doctor must have told them to tease her this way.

“I’ll do anything if you’ll fuck me. Ask anything of me…ahh…and I’ll do it.”

“Okay, then wrap those pretty lips of yours around my cock and pleasure it till I cum.”

“You can suck me off too.”

Neither of them pulled down their shorts. They simply looked down at Kirara with a mixture of lust and scorn on their faces.

She knew what they were asking for. She had seen Bell make Rei do the same thing before. With those two, the ultimate goal was for them both to enjoy it, but these men were only interested in their own pleasure.

She knew that, but she had no choice in the matter.

She moved forward and pressed her face against the dead wrestler’s lower stomach. His cold and stiff abs and his rotting guts left her face sticky. A maddening sense of revulsion rose in her throat, but the intense vibration in her nipples was enough to erase that. She wanted to cum. She would do whatever it took to cum and to ejaculate from her nipples.

She bit the elastic of his shorts and swiftly pulled them down.

“Nhh!”

The corpse’s penis was purple, but it was still plenty erect as it smacked against her face.

“Ah, ahh, a penis…a man’s penis.”

This was her first time seeing one up close or to directly touch one. She never would have imagined her first would belong to the living dead.

But the instant she saw it, saliva filled her mouth and the movement of the vibrators felt even hotter and sweeter. More than that, her vagina and anus squeezed and they both flowed with the nectar ordinary woman only produced from the vagina. Her hips wiggled from the urge rising within her.

Her mind was dragged along with her body’s extreme reaction.

(This is who I am? I shed tears of joy when I see my enemy’s penis? No human woman would respond this way. I really am artificial. I’m only a doll created to have sex.)

The self-deprecating thoughts made it easier to accept this. Her tongue formed the necessary words more easily.

“Ahhh, allow me to orally pleasure your wonderful cock before you fuck me with it.”

“Hold it. Don’t forget about me.”

Animalism stuck his crotch out toward her too. The crotch of his extra-large Bermuda shorts (where had he gotten those anyway?) was bulging out so much it looked ready to tear.

“Oh, please forgive me. I will get that out of there right away.”

She quickly grabbed the Bermuda shorts in her mouth, but removing them from a gorilla’s body with just her mouth was no easy feat. She normally could have bitten through them with ease, but she had no more strength than a normal person at the moment, so it took her a while to get the shorts down to his ankles. Her body’s throbbing grew all the while and the wiggling of her hips grew lewder.

Once Animalism’s was free, Braindead’s stench of death was joined by a bestial odor. It was far larger than a human’s and it seemed filled with a human malice not found in an innocent wild animal.

While she stared in shock at its enormous size, the zombie and gorilla cocks were pressed against her cheeks. She felt some fear, but the desire within led her to open her mouth and stick out her saliva-coated tongue. She licked the two penis heads giving off different smells.

“Kh, nmh…nhh.”

She had wondered if Braindead could even feel anything from the corpse he had hijacked, but his purple cock twitched and his blank face gained a hint of pleasure.

Animalism curled up his tongue and bared his fangs while pressing his erection against her mouth.

Her mind was colored by pink when their male flavor reached her tongue.

(Ahhh, I’m licking two penises at the same time. I’m orally pleasuring an animal and a corpse and it feels so good. I really am a sex doll. I was born to suck penises like this, wasn’t I?)

She alternately ran her tongue along the two penises to rub her saliva on them and kiss them.

“Fuck, this is the best. A superhero is sucking a criminal’s dick. A criminal ape’s dick.”

“Even a hero’s only a horny slut once they fall. Okay, I’m cumming first.”

Braindead grabbed her hair with a muscular purple arm.

“Ngh! Ghh…agh.”

He shoved his dick down her throat and she gagged while he thrust his hips. He clearly saw her as a tool to fulfill his lust, not a human being. This was Braindead’s standard MO. He would take over the bodies of dead men and use those bodies to rape the men’s wives, girlfriends, mothers, and daughters.

“Here, I’ll fuck your throat for you!”

The corpse’s sliced-open flesh flapped in front of her eyes while the guts within wriggled around.

Despite the hellish image, she realized her throat was moving as if to pleasure him. At the same time, a new pleasure ignited deep in her throat. The pleasure of fellatio grew far greater than the disgust and that sexual heat made her tongue and throat move more boldly than before.

“Swallow it, Flare! You’d better swallow every last drop or I won’t fuck your pussy!”

“Ngh…nh, nhhh…ghh!”

He intentionally pulled back until the head was on her tongue before ejaculating in her mouth. The cold goo lacked a human’s body heat as it filled up her mouth. The growing pleasure was overpowered by the disgust again. The smell and flavor of death itself filled her senses and sent a chill through all her nerves. She could tell she had to spit this out now or her body would be contaminated and she too would become the walking dead.

But she was not free to spit it out. His dick was still plugging up her mouth. She sent the cadaver’s cum to her stomach as if she were swallowing poison.

After seeing her swallow, he finally pulled out his rotting dick. Before she could catch her breath, Animalism’s enormous erection entered her mouth, filling her mouth and nose with a powerful bestial odor.

“Nhh…gh…ahhh.”

It was so big she thought it would dislocate her jaw and she could barely move her tongue.

“Heh heh. Nothing like a superhero blowjob. Although I’m more into someone a little older, like Star Thunder or Red Widow.”

This Offbeat would take over a lion and claw his victims to death, take over a cobra to poison them to death, or take over a shark to stain the ocean with blood, but right now he thrust his hips into her mouth.

Kirara did her best to use her mouth. It felt good having her throat violated, but she mostly wanted to calm the throbbing in her vagina. She wanted to get him off soon so she could to have sex. So she could be fucked.

“Yes, yes! Swallow all this ape cum, female human!”

“Gh! Ohhh.”

The enormous cock’s equally enormous amount of cum squirted down her throat as if trying to drown her. She could not possibly swallow it all, so the white liquid flowed from her mouth when he pulled his erection out.

Unable to wipe the semen from herself, she simply bowed toward the criminals.

“U-ugh…p-please…fuck me…fuck me now.”

Animalism moved behind her and used his thick fingers to skillfully pull up the skirt of her pure white costume.

Her wiggling butt entered his view.

“Heh heh. You’ve got a nice ass. And I’m something of a conn-ass-eur, so you can trust me there.”

“An anal fixation and puns? I can see why humans want nothing to do with you.”

Braindead insulted the gorilla while lifting the front of Kirara’s skirt. Her nectar-dripping labia seduced the zombie.

“Shut up. The dead are supposed to be silent.”

The gorilla grabbed her wet thighs and easily lifted her up. She was placed in an embarrassing pose like a small child being held up to pee.

“C’mon, open up for zombie daddy. Show me that superhero pussy.”

Gorilla fingers dug into her inner thighs and spread her legs to 180 degrees. The parasites’ gazes found her sexual flesh that was so wet after the endless stimulation.

“Ah, ahh, don’t just look. Please fuck me.”

The animal’s cock pressed against her butt.

“Ah…hh.”

A tremor ran through her butt.

“Here goes!”
The extra-large thing pushed through the opening and then plunged deep inside. The pressure from inside sent love juices squirting from her vagina.

“Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhh!”
Its extreme size would have torn through a normal human’s insides and caused them to scream in unbearable pain, but Kirara’s body could deflect armor-piercing rounds and reenter the atmosphere while flying after a crashing satellite, so she felt no pain at all.

“Y-yes! That’s so good, ahhhh!”

Her cry was one of pleasure instead and Braindead soon penetrated her vagina with his dead dick.

“Ahh, ahh, ahhhhhhhh!”

She felt no pain at losing her virginity. She never felt the penis hit any kind of obstacle as it moved further inside. Nor did she bleed.

(I don’t have a hymen. Doctor Disorder must not have given me one.)

That sad thought ran through her heart.

But that emotion was swallowed up and eliminated by a torrent of pleasure Braindead and Animalism’s cocks rubbed against each other through her internal flesh and her vagina and ass seemed to have minds of their own as they squeezed at those erections in search of greater pleasure. Kirara was ignited by the pleasure her own body produced.

“Ahhhhhhhh, I’m cumming! My ass and my pussy are both cumming!!”



The animal and the cadaver spoke to each other while DPing Kirara.

“She’s already cumming? We only just put it in her. She really is a slut.”

“With how tight she’s squeezing, I don’t blame her. One of the best women I’ve ever fucked.”

The criminal Offbeats had no intention of pleasuring her. Her orgasm was nothing more than a spice for their own ejaculation. They continued selfishly thrusting their erections into both her holes.

There was no love in this cruel double penetration, but after being forced to edge for so long, it provided immense pleasure for Kirara. Her mad scientist father had designed her body to be a sex slave, so the pleasure kept rising toward a peak and climaxing over and over.

“Ahh, kh, I’m cumming, I’m cumming again! My pussy, my ass, they both feel so good!!”

Her breasts had grown big and swollen with the vibrators preventing them from ejaculating and they now squished against the zombie’s chest and rubbed against his ribs. The back end of the vibrators was sticking out of her nipples, so they made an odd rattling sound as they vibrated against the ribs.

“Ahh, ah, ahh…please, remove those. Nhhh. Remove the vibrators in my, ahh, nipples.”

“What kind of woman sticks vibrators up her nipples? Does that really feel good?”

“I-it does…ahh, it’s so good, ah, ahh, I’m cumming again! Ahhh…nhh, so please pull them out.”

“Yeah, and what happens then?”

“M-my nipples will…ejaculate milk. Ahn, but not just normal milk. It’s just like cum and it squirts out…just like cum from a man. Nh, I’m cummiiiiing!”

“This I’ve gotta see.”

A hairy arm reached over her shoulder and grabbed the vibrator in her right nipple.

“Hey, I wanted to do that!”

Braindead quickly grabbed the left vibrator.

They pulled them out simultaneously.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”

With an audible squirting sound, all the built-up titcum erupted from her nipples.

Her thick and sticky “milk” entered the corpse’s sliced-open chest and stained his rotting lungs and heart. The sweet shower also reached Animalism’s face as he peered in from behind.

“Ahhh, my boobs are cumming! Khhh, so is my butt! Ahn, and my pussy too!! Ahhhh, my entire body is cumming!!!”
“Huh. If those vibrators fit, I bet my finger would too.”

Braindead grabbed her right nipple with his left hand and fiddled with it. The squished end of the nipple opened up like the end of a penis and he stuck the thick finger of a wrestler inside that narrow wet hole.

“E-eeeeek!”

New pleasure exploded within that one tit.

The milk-wet inside of the nipple surrounded his finger and subconsciously squeezed at it.

“This feels pretty good. It’s a lot like a pussy the way it’s squeezing at my finger. And her actual pussy’s squeezing tighter too.”

Kirara shook her head side to side from the pleasure of having her nipple violated.

“Ah, move it, move your finger in my nipple.”

“I was just getting to that.”

The zombie moved his finger in a circle while also pumping it in and out. Her soft breast changed shape along with his finger’s movement.

“Ah, ahh, yes, I’m cumming, my boob is cumming.”

“Let me try that too.”

Animalism pressed his finger against her left nipple. It was even thicker and longer than the wrestler’s, so Kirara shouted in protest.

“I-it won’t fit! It’s too thick!”

“We can’t know that until we try.”

The animal’s finger entered her nipple regardless.

“Noooo! I-it’ll break! My breast is going to break!”

She panicked and screamed, but her nipple stretched an unbelievable amount to accept the gorilla’s finger.

“Ohh, you were right. Her ass is squeezing along with her nipple. This is the best.”

“Ahh, I’m cumming, nhhh, ahh…ahhhh.”

Her scream of terror was soon replaced by moans of pleasure as she learned anew how sexual her body was.

“Ahh, it feels so good. Everything you do feels so good. Why is my body like this?”

“Who cares why? It’s great.”

“All women should be like this.”
The evil Offbeats began their last spurt. The rhythm of their cocks synced with that of their fingers and that unified rhythm picked up speed. Her body reacted by twisting madly around from pleasure.

“Ohhh, I’m so close. I’m gonna fill this superhero’s womb with dead cum!”

“I’m close too. I’ll fill Flare’s guts with gorilla sperm!”

Their ejaculations exploded at the same time. The animal’s hot cum and the corpse’s cold cum raced out into her body.

At the same time, they pulled their fingers from her nipples and she produced two pillars of milk with even greater force than the ejaculations inside her.

“Eeeeeeeeeeek! I’m cumming! I’m cumming cumming cummiiiiiiiiiiiing!!!”

She continued to ejaculate from her nipples as Eclipse stopped watching and reached her right hand out to her neck.

“Ah, ahhh.”

Her sister’s hand sank up to the wrist in her neck. Braindead and Animalism had planned to go for another round without pulling out, but their hips stopped when they saw this.

“Ahhh, agh.”

A mixture of agony and ecstasy appeared on Kirara’s face, her eyes widened, and she passed out.

After a few seconds, Eclipse pulled her hand back out. The coldhearted woman put on a triumphant smile and whispered in Doctor Disorder’s ear.

Their father finished off a glass of wine and smiled coldly. He had been enjoying a vintage wine while watching his daughter be raped.

“Braindead, Animalism, thank you for your assistance. Now, I have something amusing to show you.”

Eclipse placed her right hand over Kirara’s lower stomach this time. Her black-painted nails moved just a bit and a change came over Kirara’s body.

“The fuck?”
“Whoa.”

The zombie and the gorilla jumped back from Kirara and exchanged a glance with the sisters between them. Something was now dangling down between Kirara’s legs.

“I’m a sensitive soul, so I’m not really into this.”

“Yeah, I’m really only into the most vanilla of vanilla sex. Y’know, like anal bestiality.”

The Doctor laughed coldly with the wineglass in hand.

“Offbeats these days have no taste at all. When I was in America fighting Super Offbeat and Scarlet Shadow, I formed the Injustice Battalion with some other villains and believe me when I say they all had the most wonderfully deviant tastes. But if this is enough to turn you off, so be it. There is a much more amusing way to use that thing. Return Flare’s body to normal, will you?”
Eclipse once more altered Kirara’s body and then woke her up.

“C’mon, wake up, sister.”

“Ah, ahhh.”

“You don’t have time to rest. We still have plenty more Ogasawara escapees waiting with breath bated and cock erect, so the fun is far from over.”