Thunderclaps: Chapter 5 - Chaos Kingdom Come

“Despite so many people saying they saw the Scarlet Shadow run past the jet just before takeoff, I have found no evidence of his presence.”

(1964, Report by Chicago Police Inspector Bryan Alan)

Later, the Scarlet Show was revealed to be Alan’s own alternate personality that, unbeknownst to him, would temporarily split off from his body



Rindou Rei choked back tears when she heard the voice from her golden choker’s communicator shortly after 10 AM. Holographic Little Bolt jumped for joy.

She and Little Bolt had spent all night searching out all information and news reports to assist Bell and Shizuko who were searching outside.

“Good morning, Rei. It’s Kirara. I’m currently flying back to Nerima.”

“Kirara! Why didn’t you contact us at all last night? Bell and Shizuko were worried sick and we even asked the other heroes for assistance.”

“Sorry. If you check the news on TV, you should see what this was about.”

Rei’s fingers raced across her tray keyboard. Little Bolt would do everything for her if she gave a voice command, but she chose to do it herself.

The NHK news broadcast appeared in the air as a hologram.

They were showing live footage of a man with black metal wings on his back being led away by heavily-equipped police with bonds around his wrists and ankles.

The male announcer’s serious voice filled the room.

“Killer Raven, an Offbeat criminal who escaped from Ogasawara, has been captured by Flare and handed over to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police’s Metacriminal Squad. Killer Raven has used his ability to fly in order to…”

“There you have it. Killer Raven attacked while I was taking the woman injured by Grand Guignol to the hospital. That wouldn’t have been a problem if I were on my own, but his ultrasonic cries can destroy the human body, so I had to let him capture me for the woman’s sake. This morning, I finally managed to defeat him and escaped from his hideout. I also got the hostage safely to the hospital.”

“I hope she has a swift recovery. I need to tell everyone you have returned, so I’m going to hang up for now.”
“Got it.”



“Cheers!”

“Cheers, meow!”

At 11:23 AM, the undisguised Thunderclaps members were celebrating Kirara’s safe return in the dining hall of the Rindou residence in Nerima. Rei and Little Bolt had whipped up the food in a hurry.

Rei was holding her favorite beer glass. Bell was drinking some South American shaman’s secret drink she had made. It was dark green, extremely thick, and had various types of solids floating in it, so no one but Bell dared drink it. Shizuko and Kirara herself were drinking cola.

“I know superheroes need to be prepared for danger to themselves and their teammates. The Justice Circus has lost 5 of its members to the pursuit of justice during their long history. But if anything had happened to you, Kirara, I was thinking of breaking up the Thunderclaps and continuing as a hero alone.”

Rei drained her beer and wiped away her tears with a handkerchief.

Kirara blushed and smiled at how worried her team leader had been.

“You’re overreacting, Rei. You won’t be much of a hero if you keep that up.”

“But…but the Thunderclaps aren’t just a team to me. I think of you like a family. You three are the only family I have on earth.”

Bell grinned and rubbed the leader’s head.

“You always get weepy when you’re drunk, Rei-chan. But that’s part of what makes you so cute.”

Shizuko stared intently at Kirara’s bitterly smiling face.

“You’re incredible, Kirara-san. I wouldn’t know what to do if I was captured by villains on my own.”

“You need to shape up, Shizu. You’re a hero too, so you need to live up to everyone’s heroic expectations.”

“I’ll do my- kyah!”

Shizuko suddenly flew upwards along with her chair and crashed into the ceiling.

And she was not alone. Kirara, Bell, Rei, and everything not fixed in place floated up and hit the ceiling.

“Wh-what!?”

“I-I can’t move.”

Rei and Shizuko could not even crawl around while jumbled together with the table, chairs, and plates of food. It felt like they were bound by invisible threads that were pulling up on them.

“Meowwww!”

Bell immediately transformed into Ocelot and forcibly crawled along the ceiling. Her strength was not on Kirara’s level, but as Ocelot, her muscles grew more powerful than an ordinary human’s. She dug her sharp claws into the window frame and forced her head out of the open window.

She found a strange sight out there. Nerima was located below them and looked tiny, like a diorama.

“Wh-what the hell!?”

Shizuko could not move, but she worked her nanomodule brain to calculate out and identify this physical phenomenon that mere humans could not make sense of.

“Bell-san, I’m detecting a gravitational anomaly.”

“Huh?”
But that did not tell Bell what this was.

“It’s above us. The entire mansion is rapidly dropping upwards.”

“That’s crazy!”

The city below was growing smaller all the while. Ocelot frantically looked upwards instead and saw a someone in a purple cape floating among the tiles that had come up from the roof. A man wearing a strange mask with a crown held a staff in his right hand and laughed maniacally while standing proudly in empty air.

“Mwa ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Behold your mighty king! Tremble before his might! Bow, peasants, and gaze upon his glory!”

“That’s Gravity King!”

Ocelot did not know much about the history of criminals, but she remembered one major incident that had occurred shortly after her arrival in Japan. Gravity King was a megalomaniac who could control the strength and direction of gravity and he had used that power to steal the National Diet Building by having it, and the ground around it, float up. He had ultimately been captured by the Justice Circus and sent to Ogasawara.

That gravity demon was currently applying powerful upward gravity exclusively to the Rindou residence so it floated up into the sky.

Rei desperately raised her voice.

“Little Bolt! Why didn’t you warn me someone had approached the mansion!?”

The Rindou residence looked like an old wooden building, but Rei and Little Bolt had modified it into a secret base fit for a superhero when she moved in. It had an AI alert network set up inside and out.

“Little Bolt, answer me!”

“It’s no use. The AI will no longer obey your commands. Because I reprogrammed it.”

Rei and the two others turned toward that cold voice.

Kirara stood up from the ceiling as if the reverse gravity were no stronger than ordinary gravity. A victorious laugh escaped her lips as she lowered her right hand overhead.

Kirara’s appearance changed. She still looked mostly the same, but this was someone else. She had long hair that fluttered out toward the ceiling.

“Who are you!? What happened to Kirara!?”

“Malice Bolt, put them to sleep.”

Little Bolt appeared in the dining hall except turned pitch black. She even held a demonic pitchfork in her right hand.

“Yes, ma’am, Mistress Eclipse. I shall release the knockout gas in Doctor Disorder’s name.”

Rei and the other two were not aware of Kirara’s connection to Doctor Disorder, so they had no idea what this was about. They could only watch it play out.

The gas meant to knock out intruders was instead used against the mansion’s master.

Gravity King’s laughter rang through the sky as the Rindou residence flew through the clouds and out of Tokyo.



My mother had said something to me in that cave.

“Look, Kirara, I’ll show you a treasure of mine.”

“A treasure?”
I had tilted my head because I didn’t know what she meant.

“What is it? What does it do?”

“Everyone, no matter who they are, has moments in their life they hold dear: the time spent with their family, friends, or special someone, the time spent working toward their dream, or the moment they achieved some goal. Anything that reminds them of those times is a treasure to them. And this here is my treasure.”

My mother pulled out the locket she wore around her neck and opened it up.

There was an old photograph inside.

It showed a younger version of her standing alongside a blond man. The man wore black-rimmed glasses and they had bright, cheerful looks on their faces.

“Who is that?” I asked.

“This is a picture of when I attended a university in New York. While I was riding an elevator in the skyscraper where I worked part-time, the cable suddenly snapped. The person riding with me suddenly floated up from the floor, supported the ceiling with one hand, and stopped it from falling. And with his other hand, he removed his glasses and spoke to me.”

She paused there as if waiting for me to react.

“What did he say?” I asked.

“ ‘Sorry about the fright, ma’am. I have never introduced myself looking like this before, but you probably know me by the name Super Offbeat. Maybe this isn’t the best time, but would you be willing to join me for dinner later?’ ”

“Super Offbeat.”

“I was the first person other than his parents who learned Super Offbeat’s real name was Charles Howard. And that’s not all. I was the girlfriend of the world’s strongest man. But I was so busy with my research and Charles with saving the world that we never did manage to take the last step and get married. And eventually, he…”

She stopped and wept. I wiped the warm drops from her cheeks.

“If we had gotten married and had a daughter, he said he would want to name her Flare. And I said that would be Kirara in Japanese. Flare Kirara Howard. Has a nice ring to it, don’t you think? I hope you can manage to gather many treasures over your life, Kirara-chan.”

I shook my head to that.

“The time I can spend here with you is my treasure.”

“Thank you.”
She hugged me.

That was when I heard a voice from outside the cave. It was Doctor Disorder.

“Youko-kun, return my daughter to me.”

The voice was accompanied by a tingling pleasure spreading from my nipples to the rest of my breasts.



“Ah, ahn.”

Kirara awoke from her dream. That dream of a younger and more innocent time really had become her most precious treasure. But it was no more than a brief flash of memory in the face of the carnal pleasure coming from her chest.

“Nh, nhh…ahh.”

Her sleep vanished along with the dream, but there still was no light. She was lying on what seemed to be a bed and she could feel a black cloth over her eyes.

How many people had she been raped by yesterday? And for how long? How many times had she cum? She did not know.

It had continued on and on and she had been soaked with, filled with, and made to swallow so much cum. A normal human’s body and mind could not have survived it, but she had managed just fine. She had been designed for battle and sex, so she only experienced it all as pleasure.

At some point, she had fallen asleep and she had woken to find herself blindfolded while someone massaged her breasts.

“Morning, Kirary. We’ve got plenty more pleasure in store for you today, okay?”

Joy Division’s voice reached her and she naturally nodded while lying on the bed.

“Ah, ahh, my boobs feel so good.”

“You want to cum with them, don’t you?”
“Nhh…I want to shoot out so much milk.”

“Oh, Kirary, you’ve gotten so obedient.”

The djinn’s hands massaged her breasts from the base up to the tips. She also sucked alternately at the nipples while lightly biting them and using her tongue tip to dig into the opening that ordinary women did not have.

“Ahh, ahhhn, yes…my nipples feel so good…nhh, ah.”

The body inside her Flare costume writhed on the black leather bed like a wind-up doll. Her original costume that had grown so soaked with various male fluids had been stripped from her as she slept. She now wore a copy prepared by Doctor Disorder, but the chest had already been cut open to bare her breasts.

“Can I stick my fingers in your nipples?”

“P-please do…s-stick them in my, ahh, my nipples.”

A single night had awoken her nipples as sexual organs that found pleasure in being penetrated just like a vagina. When Joy Division pushed her index fingers into the ends of the erect nipples, the entrances opened up and her fingertips easily went in.

“Ahh!”

She arched her back while Joy’s fingers fully entered her breasts and then pumped in and out while providing the perfect vibration.

“Ahh, kh…that’s…that’s so good. More, do it more…ahh!”
“That isn’t enough for my slutty sister, is it? Here, use these.”

Eclipse spoke up with a sneer in her voice and she pushed vibrating objects into Kirara’s hands. Kirara felt across them to find they were vibrators shaped like large penises with bumps on the surface.

“Ahh, penises… mechanical penises.”

“Those are your favorite thing, aren’t they?”

“Yes…I love penises.”

Kirara spread her legs wide, lifted her hips from the bed, and pulled up her skirt. Unlike her normal costume, this one had nothing to cover the crotch. Her beautiful butt and pussy were immediately revealed.

She could not tell herself since she was blindfolded, but the labia and ass and had been washed clean after the night before. They now looked as pure as could be.

But the instant the vibrating artificial head touched them, the labia opened on their own and the pink petals within flowed with fragrant female nectar. Her ass also twitched in its desire to contain a vibrator and dripped with an identical clear nectar. Her lower body was more than ready after the stimulation to her breasts.

“Ahhhn! Yes, yes!”

She did not hesitate to shove both thick vibrators into her two holes. Dual flames of pleasure burned with only a thin layer of flesh between them. She pumped the sex toys in and out of herself to get that scarlet blaze burning brighter. Love juices sprayed from both holes, soaking the leather of the bed until it sparkled in the light.

“Ahhhh, I’m already cumming! My boobs, butt, and pussy are all cumming! Ahh, my milk is cumming!!”

She leaned back so much she seemed to bounce up on the bed and her two holes held the vibrators tight while lifted up in the air. With perfect timing, Joy pulled her fingers from Kirara’s nipples and two geysers of milky liquid shot upwards.

Kirara heard her sister’s amused voice while she experienced orgasm with her own titcum soaking her.

“Do you get it now? Your teammate was only pretending to be a hero. Her true identity is a sex slave who seeks out pleasure in both body and mind.”

“Eh? What? Who are you talking to?”

Joy answered her confusion by removing the blindfold.

She could see three people there. Her ecstasy-blurred vision gradually regained its focus and she saw familiar faces…and costumes. But they felt like something from a forgotten point in her distant past. They were all restrained in suspended X-shapes with their arms and legs chained up just like she had been the night before.

Rei was there in her Star Thunder eye mask and costume.

Bell was there transformed into Ocelot.

Shizuko was there, but her Rose Device armor was incomplete. It covered her arms and legs just fine, but her head was left exposed and her torso only had the black skintight bodysuit she wore below the armor.

Inexplicably, they all had baby pacifiers in their mouths, which prevented them from speaking.

Kirara had thought her emotion of shame had been shattered never to return last night, but it exploded within her now.
“Nooooooooooo!!”

With a bloodcurdling scream, she reached down to pull out the vibrators, but Eclipse and Joy moved with inhuman speed and strength to grab her arms and legs and attached chains that extended down below the bed.

She was chained to the bed, preventing her from covering her chest or crotch or even removing the vibrators. She was forced to face her teammates with her crotch and the still-moving sex toys pointed toward them.

“No, stop, ahh…how could you do this? Nhhh.”

Her hips continued to move from the continuing pleasure and Doctor Disorder stood up next to her.

“I thought my daughter might be feeling lonely, so I invited her friends over. Just like with Kirara, I have implanted their brains with special devices that prevent them from using their Offbeat powers. They are no different from ordinary humans at present, so there is no cause for concern.”

Joy snapped her fingers and the pacifiers vanished from the teammates’ mouths. All three began to shout at once.

“Flare!”

“Meow! Flare!”

“Flare-san! What is happening here?”

“My daughter here told me all about your identities and the location of the Thunderclaps secret base.”

“Your daughter!?”

“What do you mean your daughter!?”
“You’re lying! You must be!”

The Doctor’s mechanical eye narrowed and he strongly twisted one of Kirara’s wet nipples.

“So Kirara never told her teammates who she was, did she?”

“No! Please, don’t tell them that! Ahh, nhhh.”

He stuck his finger inside her nipple and her desperate cry turned into a moan.

“I created Kirara. The woman you thought was your teammate was in fact an artificial human created by me, Doctor Disorder.”

Rei spoke bluntly to Kirara’s father after his prideful declaration.

“What does that matter?”

“What did you say?”

His mechanical right cheek twisted.

“Maybe you did create Flare, but that doesn’t mean anything to us. We all became Offbeats in our own way. Maybe we become an Offbeat by coincidence and maybe it was destined and inevitable, but there is one thing that will never change: it was our personal decision to become superheroes. As long as you carry that spirit of justice, it doesn’t matter where you came from.”

“I see. So you claim your origins don’t matter? That is what a space alien would say.”

“What!?”

“Last night, I took the liberty of analyzing your bodies down to the molecular structure. Star Thunder, you are not a pure earthling, are you? Earthling and alien DNA were manually combined to create you. Your electrical powers must be a side effect of that genetic modification.”

Rei glared fiercely at the evil genius’s mechanical eye.

“I will neither confirm nor deny it. A hero’s origin story is meant to remain secret.”

The Doctor grinned as he moved over in front of Bell.

“Ocelot was a problem. The changes to your body are not scientific in nature. To a scientist like myself, you are just as absurd as Joy Division.”

“Of course I am. I have the great power of the spirits with me. A science-obsessed freak wouldn’t understand. Besides, you’re not worth-”

The mad scientist ignored Bell’s continued insults as he turned toward Shizuko.

“Now, you…you were the most fascinating from a scientific perspective, Rose Device. Cyborgs are hardly unusual these days, but you are a rare treat indeed.”

Shizuko turned her tearful eyes away from the Doctor, but his mechanical right hand grabbed her soft cheeks and forced her to look at him.

“A normal cyborg leaves their biological brain be while mechanizing the body, but not you.”

The fear was plain to see in her damp eyes.

“Don’t say it! Don’t talk about me!”

“So you hadn’t told your teammates your secret either, had you? This girl’s body remains untouched, but her brain and nerve cells have all been replaced with nanomachines.”

“Stop! Stop, stop, stop!”

“I too have machinery embedded in a portion of my brain, but that is no more than memory space to store the vast scientific knowledge I have amassed over more than a century. Your method is more like being a robot wearing human flesh. Truly fascinating. There is so much research potential here.”

Rei shouted even more harshly at him than before.

“I will not let you use Rose Device or anyone else for your research!”

The evil scientist responded with his back still turned toward Rei.

“I do not need you to ‘let me’ do anything. The culture room in this very lab is already creating artificial copies of you three based on my analysis results. By tomorrow morning, those new versions of you should be complete. Unfortunately, I cannot perfectly copy your Offbeat powers, but they should be visually indistinguishable from you. I will have the Thunderclaps copies contact the other superheroes to capture them as well. Then I will replace all of those heroes with copies and begin a rebellion against society. The entire world will fall into chaos. Truly a plan worthy of the name Doctor Disorder, don’t you think?”

“An interesting plan to be sure. Now, are you planning dispose of us once you have your copies?”
“I wouldn’t dream of it. The villain killing the heroes is such an obvious choice and it reeks of disgusting order. The true disorder can be found in the heroes engaging in friendly carnal relations with the villains. The three of you will be trained into sex slaves suited to your abilities.”

“Stop!” Kirara raised her head and frantically shouted from the bed. “Don’t you dare do anything to them! Ahn, hh, ahh.”

The two vibrators were continuing to give her pleasure even after she achieved climax once, so more damp moans escaped her mouth. Her hips naturally hopped up and wiggled in time with the vibration of the artificial penises sticking out of her flesh.

“Ah, ah, ahh, stop, stop the vibrators…ahh, not again.”

“You’re cumming again, aren’t you?” said Joy while squeezing Kirara’s breasts.

“Ahhhhhhhhh!!”

Titcum erupted from her nipples again and her hips jerked wildly.

Shizuko tried to shut her eyes, but she could not. Even with her eyelids shut, she could hear the heated moans and she could not help but watch. She saw the older hero she respected, the person who had saved her and guided her where she needed to go when she had lost her way, writhing in pleasure from forced stimulation. It was a frightening sight.

“Flare-san! Get a hold of yourself, Flare-san!”

“No! Don’t look, Shizu! Don’t look at how filthy I am! Ahh, ahhhn!”

Kirara’s hips were set in motion by a third climax even as Shizuko pleaded her. Her nipples intermittently ejaculated as Joy stroked them. It was an undeniably obscene sight and Shizuko felt heat filling her entire body as she viewed it. Her heart was pounding below her bodysuit that showed every contour of her torso.

“Flare-san…why? Eek!”

A cylinder of darkness with a diameter of about a meter suddenly appeared in front of her. No, it was a hole. If the device implanted by the Doctor had not been reducing her brain functions, she would have detected the spatial distortion before now.

A young man’s upper body emerged from that hole created by distorting space. He had metal tape wrapped around him like a mummy, expect his face was left exposed.

“You’re Wormhole.”

“Indeed I am.”

The tall and gaunt young man known as Wormhole appeared in front of Shizuko with a thin smile on a face so pale he seemed deathly ill. His protruding cheekbones moved in a grinding fashion. The data in Shizuko’s memory said he was a thief who opened holes in space itself to steal from even the most heavily fortified buildings.

“But the ability to open the holes is not mine. Three years ago, I was crushed and killed by a meteor that fell in the mountains. However, there were worms living within that meteor. Technically speaking, the worms had opened holes in space to poke their heads out from their extraterrestrial home. They restored my crushed body and revived me. Ever since, we have lived in symbiosis. They make me immortal and I give them a home here on earth. As you can see.”

The metal tape came free from Wormhole’s body and coiled up down at Shizuko’s feet. He was not even wearing underwear below, so his pale nudity was revealed. He looked like no more than skin clinging tightly to bone and that skin seemed to have a small black polka dot pattern.

Goose bumps rose across Shizuko’s body when she realized those polka dots were all holes.

“Are you saying your body is their home?”

“Indeed I am.”

A lifeform Shizuko had never before seen wriggled out from all the holes covering his body. They were shaped and colored exactly like penises as long as snakes.

“I apologize for their obscene appearance, but it seems they read my mind and camouflaged themselves for life on earth. You see, the only viable food for them on earth are the secretions from earthling females.”

“Eeek!”

Shizuko subconsciously tried to shrink down, but she could not while bound.

Her teeth chattered in fear, but the bizarre penis creatures only brushed against her side as they rushed in toward Bell’s body.

“Meow! Meowwwwwwwwwwww!!”

A translucent and sticky liquid squirted from the slit at the end of the wriggling worms and that got all over Bell. Everything from her raised cat ears to the tip of her tail was made sticky and it dripped down from the ends of her leopard print fur.

“Meow…meow? Ah, ahh.”

Bell’s disgusted face grew flushed, her cat ears twitched, and the mane around her neck bristled.

“This is an aphrodisiac, isn’t it?”
Wormhole answered with a complete lack of interest.

“Indeed it is.”

“That won’t mean anything to me. This is nothing compared to the secret ancient potion I drank every day to reach an ultra-high while becoming a spirit user.”

“Oh, are you sure about that? These worms preyed upon all sorts of lifeforms while traveling between the stars before arriving here. Their fluid is absorbed by the skin and turns your entire body into an erogenous zone.”

“That doesn’t matter!”

Bell shouted back, but her bound body was already trembling and her tail was swishing constantly like a serpent writhing in pain.

And a liquid different from the otherworldly worm juice dripped from the point between her furry thighs.

“Hmm, your love juices are just dripping on out. So the rumors were true. Your Ocelot form is not a costume – you just walk around in the nude.”

“Sh-shut up – meown!”

One of the worms poked its head against her right shoulder blade. That was all, but the feeling that raced through her entire body was just like having her bare clitoris squeezed.

“Meow! Mwow! Umwah! Nhhhh!”

The worms surrounding her poked at her calves, sides, upper arms, and neck.

Over and over, fresh pleasure burst within her like fireworks and it never stopped. Unlike the waves of pleasure from normal sex, sharp pinpricks of pleasure were exploding all across her body.

“Meow! Nmeow! What is this feeling!? Meow!”

She moaned and meowed and then the chains came away from her restraints. Her legs gave way from the continued stimulation and she collapsed onto the floor wet with the worm juice.

“Meowwwwwwwww!”

Intense pleasure raced through the skin of her arms, legs, and chest as they touched the floor. Just as Wormhole had explained, her entire body was now as sensitive as her clit. All of her nerves were boiling over and her brain seemed to be melting away from all the pleasure.

Her lithe body bent on the floor and she writhed within the juices. But the more she moved, the more those juices got on her body, the more it soaked into her skin, and the more the pleasure expanded.

“Nhhmeow…meowww…myahhhh…ohhh.”

The labia normally hidden below her fur had opened on their own, providing a view of the beautiful pink vulva within. Nothing had touched that yet, but it was intermittently squirting out female nectar to mix with the worm juice.

The worms stopped poking at her body to rush toward the love juices on the floor. Several thin tubes extended from the slit identical to the one at the tip of a penis and slurped up bell’s fluids.

And they did not stop with what was on the floor. The many worms also rushed toward her crotch as she writhed on the floor. The tubes bundled together to enter through her labia, part the flesh within, and dive deep into her vagina to suck up the fluids among the wriggling flesh there. The tubes that could not fit in that hole raced to be the first inside her ass in the hopes of finding the nectar there too.

“Meowwww! I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’m cumming, meowwwwwwww!! I can’t stop cumming, meowwwwwwww!!”



“Ocelot, stay strong! Ghh.”

Rei shouted support, but then three fingers entered her mouth. A hand was reaching around from behind her while she was bound and suspended.

“I always adored you.”

She heard an elegant voice just before plenty of saliva was smeared across her ear. She turned her head to see an elderly man in pricey silver-rimmed glasses. He looked like he could be an executive for a large corporation and he was sticking out an unusually long tongue.

“Who are you? I didn’t see you in the Ogasawara data.”

“Not with this appearance, no. I modeled this face off of a man I killed two days ago.”

The man’s face transformed.

His nose and lips lost their shape, his ears and hair disappeared, his skin color vanished, and his entire face became a flat white void. Even the lenses and frames of the glasses melted away to become a part of his face.

The transformation was not limited to his face. His gray suit and pants and his shiny black leather shoes melted away and rehardened to form a human model made from wax.

“You’re Waxwork, aren’t you?”

This man had once been a security guard at a chemical factory lab, but a fanatical conservation group called Nature’s Nemesis had set off a bomb in a terrorist attack, that had dumped an experimental chemical on him, and he had gained this body. He could now transform his body like waxwork to take whatever form he wanted.

His tongue tip was covered by a substance that was not quite saliva and not quite melted wax and that entered Rei’s ear. The sticky sounds it made rang endlessly on her eardrum.

He tormented her ear while also grabbed her plump ass through her high-leg costume. Five white fingers dug into her soft butt.

“Ahh.”

“The general consensus says Flare is the sexiest Thunderclap, but I am much more enamored with you. I love how you have a little more meat on your bones.”

Even as he made that confession and massaged her butt, his face, shoulders, and chest repeatedly melted and rehardened.

“Your ass in particular is a work of art. Doctor Disorder let me know that you enjoy having fun with your ass more than your pussy.”

Waxwork had no way of knowing it, but that was information Eclipse had read from Flare’s memories. Rei’s cheeks flushed at having a strange criminal know what she was into in bed. A twisted smile appeared on Waxwork’s otherwise melted white face.

“I have a feeling you and I are going to get along swimmingly, Star Thunder.”

The melted drops upon drops formed complex bumps on his white fingers that grabbed at the skintight red costume covering her large butt. While her legs looked bare, they were actually protected by a skintight, transparent, and powerful material that had yet to be developed on earth, but Waxwork’s fingers easily tore through that.

After he slid her costume’s crotch aside, his wax fingertip melted and the dripping liquid moved up and down her butt crack.

Her butt hopped upwards and the round cheeks shook.

“Kh…hh.”

“Your ass is even more sensitive than I expected. How many men have you gotten off with this thing?”

He rubbed melted wax all over her twitching anus.

“Nhhh, none of your business.”

The liquid wax seeped through the sensitive opening to arrive inside. More than just soaking into her skin, the wax wriggled around like it had a mind of its own.

“An ass this sexual must love being violated.”

“Th-that is not true.”
“Liar. Asses don’t become so soft and pliable without a lot of experience.”

“Ahhh!”

A wax index and middle finger parted the entrance at the same time and immediately pushed all the way in.

Rei naturally assumed the two fingers would pump in and out of her, but the wax man’s technique was not bound by human limits. The fingers melted within her, turning into a warm and sticky liquid that moved within her.

“Ahh…ah…ahhhh.”

This new sensation brought sweat to her face while she pushed her lower stomach forward.

“How do you like my wax injection? There’s plenty more where that came from.”

The three fingers still outside her butt lost their shape and flowed into her as well. The entire hand melted away and violated her ass.

“Ah…nh…ahn…I’ve never felt anything like it…there’s wax inside me…ahh, there’s so much wax inside me.”

“Not to worry. I will remove it all from you once I am done. It is part of my body, after all. I have been in many different women’s asses before, but none as sexual in shape and feel as yours.”

His arm liquefied up to the elbow as he sent the wax inside her.

“Ah, ahk! S-stop! My stomach is going to burst if you keep going.”

“Then will you be honest with me? When did you learn to enjoy anal? When did you become an anal-loving masochist?”

“I-I’m not. Ahh, I don’t particularly, nh, enjoy it…and I’m not a masochist…khh.”

“Still not being honest with me? Then how about I do the same to that girl over there?”
His left arm softened and drooped down like a whip to crawl along the floor. It passed by Bell who was achieving her second or third orgasm from Wormhole’s worms and the fingers grabbed at Shizuko’s young ass through her bodysuit.

“Eeek!”

Shizuko rattled her chains as she writhed in disgust and fear.

“But I have no interest in teenage girls. I might just get bored partway through and let the wax harden within her, rupturing her stomach from within.”

The wax right hand transformed behind Shizuko. It took the form of a medieval knight’s weapon with sharp spikes growing from a central ball. The wax weapon scraped at the steel floor, tearing at the metal and leaving several lines in it. That would easily destroy a human’s insides.

“Wait! I’ll tell you. Yes, I’ll tell you, so don’t hurt Rose Device.”

“That’s more like it. When did you first learn to enjoy anal stimulation? Who taught it to you?”

“I-it was the woman who, ahh, tutored me…kh…back when I was 12.”

“12!? Your teacher puts us villains to shame.”

“D-don’t insult her. She noticed, ahh, that I was awakening to these feelings, and she taught me the right way to do it…so I wouldn’t hurt myself or feel like I was doing something wrong, ahh.”

“Sounds to me like she was only grooming you into her own personal pervert. Should a pervert like you really be allowed as a hero?”

“Force people to do these things like you’re doing and it’s a crime…kh, but with mutual consent, SM is just another way of expressing your love. Hh, heroes can be as perverted as they like…as long as they always get consent! Ghhh, ahhhhh!!”

All the wax in her belly began to rotate wildly. She could hardly believe this sensation was real. Her stomach felt like it was being torn apart and she felt all the wax begging to be let back out again. But she could not deny the masochistic pleasure she felt along with the pain.

(Ahh, teacher. I say consent is necessary, but I’m still enjoying what this villain is doing to me. I’m such a sinful and masochistic woman.)

When she pictured that gentle but strict teacher’s face, the pain and pleasure grew all the stronger. The desire to let the wax out felt like it would fry her brain.

“Ah, ahh, ohhh, l-let it out…m-my stomach can’t take anymore!”

“Is that so? Then show me how you can be a hero while also shitting out a ton of wax.”

Waxwork pulled his right arm back from her butt. Everything past the elbow was missing.

“Ah, ahhh! It’s coming out! It’s really coming out!”

Not long afterwards, a torrent of melted wax erupted from her ass.

“Eek! I’m cumming! I’m cumming while it comes out!”



The wax covering the floor returned to his right elbow and formed the rest of his arm.

“Now, time for Round 2. I’ll be using the entire arm up to the shoulder this time.”

His arm melted again and flowed into her butt. Her ass was clearly deriving pleasure from this after achieving climax once already. And as the wax entered her, it formed bumps similar to anal beads to tease the entrance, but once inside, it liquefied and applied pressure from within.

“Ahh, yes, my ass feels so good!”

“Would you look at that? The Thunderclaps are 3 for 3 on being horny sluts so far.”

Joy Division grinned and then turned toward Shizuko.

“Rosy, you’re a virgin, aren’t you? But life without sex is just boring, so let’s change that.”

“No.”

Shizuko shook her head. Her eyes fell on Kirara strapped to the bed with two thick vibrators inside her and milk erupting from her nipples, on Bell still being violated by the worms, and on Rei who was crying out in pleasure as she was filled with wax.

“Ah, ahh, th-the vibrators won’t stop, yes, but no, but ahhh! I’m cumming from both holes again!”

“Umeowwww! I’m…I’m cumming again too, meowwwwwwwww!”

“Ahh, I’m cumming as it fills me up! I’m cumming!”

Shizuko knew sexual pleasure was not a bad thing. She really did. But this was a terrifying sight for a virgin girl. What kind of Offbeat was going to rape her in some bizarre fashion? The thought sent a chill down her spine.

“I already know just the Offbeat for you, Rosy.”

The djinn snapped her fingers and the chains fell from Shizuko’s armored arms and legs. Her small body floated through the air so she sat between Kirara’s spread legs.

Eclipse placed her right hand just above Kirara’s labia while they were being penetrated by the vibrator. Her fingers sank into her sister’s crotch.

“Gwahhhh!!”

Kirara cried out and then Eclipse’s fingers emerged from her body while grabbing something.

“No way.”

Kirara was dumbfounded because Eclipse held a fully erect penis in her hand. The pink head was fully showing itself above her closed fingers.

That cock had grown from Kirara’s body directly above her wet labia and throbbing clitoris.

Eclipse smiled while still holding her sister’s erection.

“What do you think of your penis, sister? Isn’t this your first time seeing it?”

“What? But…how?”

“Father created both of us to be the ultimate whores. And how could we be that without a penis? I have one too of course. You simply never knew how to get yours erect.”

Shizuko was silently overwhelmed by the sight before her. Bell and Rei’s moans from behind her were driven out of her mind. That should have been impossible for someone with a nanomodule brain.

(In my dreams…Kirara-san had a man’s thing…a penis. My dreams are coming true. This is exactly what I’d fantasized about ever since awakening sexually. Wow, Kirara-san’s penis is incredible.)
“Suck my sister’s- oh?”

“Oh, dearie me. What’s this?”

“What?”

Eclipse, Joy, and even Doctor Disorder watched in surprise as Shizuko reached out her hands without even being told to. She removed the armor from her arms and it bounced off the bed to fall to the floor on either side.

Her now-bare fingers moved to pull the two vibrators out of Kirara. The pink flesh squeezing tightly at the fake penises was pulled out enough for Shizuko to see it. Kirara’s hips jerked up and down.

“Ahh! Ahh, ahhh!”

This unexpected new stimulation sent love juices squirting out of both holes, soaking Shizuko’s hands.

(Oh, it’s so warm. These is Kirara-san’s juices.)

She had removed the vibrators from a subconscious desire to want Kirara’s pleasure to only come from her own hand.

“Kirara-san, I…”

Her eyes grew damp and she reached her hands out toward the trembling penis. But Kirara vigorously shook her head and twisted her hips to keep the rod out of Shizuko’s hands.

“Stop, Shizu. Don’t touch that hideous thing!”

“It isn’t hideous. I’ve always had feelings for you, Kirara-san. You’re amazing even if you have a penis. No, you’re even more amazing with a penis.”

“Don’t say that. It’s wrong to have feelings for a pathetic artificial human like me.”

“I love you, Kirara-san.”

“No, don’t touch it, ahhh!”

Ten delicate fingers gently wrapped around the shaft of the penis, which was enough to send a tremor through Kirara’s entire body.

Shizuko spoke her mind.

“It’s hot! Your penis is so hot and it’s throbbing.”

“S-stop, Shizu. Ahh, nh, let go, nhhhh.”

“Your penis is amazing.”

Shizuko brought her soft cheek to the pink head that had never been outside Kirara’s body before. She adored it so much she had to rub her cheek against it.

“Ah, ahh, stop, Shizu, if you do that, I’ll…ahh!”

Shizuko kissed the head. She pressed her lips against it over and over and then rubbed saliva on it with her tongue. She knew that blowjobs were a thing, but she was not familiar with any of the actual technique. She was simply doing her best to express the love bursting forth from deep within her like magma breaking through the hard bedrock.

“Nh…ah, I love you, Kirara-san. And I love your penis too. Nmh.”

“Ahh, no, Shizu is…ahh, Shizu is licking my penis…ahh!”

“Yes, I am. Nhhh. Mh, so much precum is flowing out and it tastes so good.”

“Ah, ahhh, it’s so good. Your tongue feels so good. Nh, I was raped by so many people last night and it felt really good…but this feels better than all of them combined! Ahh, it’s too much!”

“That is what it means to be loved!” shouted Rei even as the wax was reaching its limit for a third time. Waxwork gave her a skeptical look from behind her. “True pleasure can never be found in loveless rape! Nhh…Rose Device’s blowjob is so good despite her complete lack of technique because you both desire each other! Ahh, I will admit this wax enema feels good…but the anal pleasure I received from Ocelot or my teacher were far better!”

“Th-that’s right, meow! These worms can make me cum as many times as you like, but Star Thunder’s fingers and tongue will always, mhh, feel better! Meowww, I’m jealous of Rose Device. I want to show Flare my patented cat tongue blowjob.”

“Ahh, and I want Flare’s giant cock inside my ass!”

“Ah, ahh, th-thank you, everyone. N-no, it’s too much. I’m going to cum. Ahhhn, my penis is going to cum!”

Kirara’s scratchy voice made Shizuko’s eyes sparkle while she ran her fingers along the shaft as well.

“Let me swallow it. Let me swallow all of your cum, Kirara-san.”

“Ahhh! I’m cumming! My penis is cumming!!”

The head grew to its largest size inside Shizuko’s mouth. Just as she thought she was going to choke on it, a hot and sticky liquid erupted toward her throat.

“Nhhhhhhhhhhh!!”

“Ahhhhhhh, I’m cumming, I’m cumming, this is incredible!!”



Kirara’s first ejaculation was far superior to her breast, vaginal, or anal climaxes. She felt like her body was being scorched by the flames of the sun. The ejaculation function that had lay dormant for two years seemed to be making up for its delay by pumping more and more artificial semen into her urethra.

Shizuko held Kirara’s hips in her hands to make sure the torrent of cum could not escape. She caught the back of the penis head with her mouth to keep her lips wrapped around it and worked to send all the semen into her stomach. But she only managed to swallow the first blast; after that, the thick milkiness flowed out from the corners of her mouth.

After five minutes of ejaculation, Shizuko collapsed onto Kirara’s stomach with the penis still in her hands. The dick was soaked white with the semen that had flowed back out of Shizuko’s mouth and it still stood tall and hard. Shizuko’s touch was enough for Kirara’s erection to know no bounds.

(I want to put it in her!)

Intense desire burned in Kirara’s chest.

(I want to put my penis in Shizu!)

Only after the thought arrived unbidden to her mind did Kirara realize what she had thought and shuddered.

(What am I saying? I really am an obscene monster built for nothing but sex. I can’t let myself take Shizu’s virginity.)

She did her best to reject that desire within her, but then Shizuko whispered in her ear.

“Please. Give me your penis virginity, Kirara-san.”

“Wh-what!? Don’t be ridiculous.”

“I was scared of having everyone find out about my origin story. I feared you wouldn’t accept someone whose brain was a machine and whose body was a biological cyborg. My father said my memories and personality were perfectly copied over into the nanomodules, but I was worried that still only made me a copy robot of the real Kitahara Shizuko. But when I learned the truth about you, I realized I was wrong.”

“When you learned about me? About me being no more than a thing created by the most horrific scientist?”
“Rei-san was right. If you can be the most wonderful woman in the world with your origin, then it’s silly to think I can’t trust in myself when I was made this way by a father who only wanted to save his daughter from death.”

“No, I couldn’t trust in myself either. But, nh, mh.”

Shizuko’s lips sealed Kirara’s. Their feelings led them to accept each other’s tongues.

“Ahn…nhh…mh.”

“Nh…mh…nhhh.”

They pressed their lips together in search of more passionate feelings. Shizuko continued the kiss while reaching for the crotch of her black bodysuit. That part of the bodysuit reacted to her fingerprints by splitting in two.

The inside of the suit was already soaked. She had been unable to stop the flow of love juices from the moment she touched Kirara’s penis.

“Oh, wow. I don’t think I’ve ever been so wet. I’m feeling so incredibly horny.”

“That might be due to the device Doctor Disorder implanted in you.”

“But this means I’m ready to accept your penis.”

She slowly straddled Kirara’s body. When she had dreamed of her first time, she had always been on the bottom and the person with the penis had gently taken the lead, but in reality, she was on top and she had to hold Kirara’s dick in her right hand to keep it in place.

“I-I’m going to put it in,” she said from above.

“Please be gentle, Shizu,” begged Kirara while feeling extreme tension.

“I will.”

Shizuko lowered her hips.

“Ahh!”

“Ahh!”

With a great shock, Kirara and Shizuko – Flare and Rose Device – were joined as one.

Shizuko felt almost no pain at losing her virginity. That was because her late father had adjusted the nanomodules to set a very low cap on pain so his daughter would never suffer too much. Any injuries or illnesses would be promptly and accurately detected without the need for pain, so there was no downside there. Yet on this occasion, she almost wished she could feel it more. What would her father have thought if he heard that?

“Ahh, wow! Shizu, this is incredible!”

Kirara could hardly believe it. Her sensitive penis found Shizuko to be warm, soft, and unbelievably pleasant on the inside. If she could experience this heavenly sensation on a regular basis, she was almost ready to thank Doctor Disorder for this one thing.

“Kirara-san, please move.”

“But I don’t want to hurt you.”

“I’m made to not feel much pain.”

“Yeah, I was the same. It didn’t hurt all that much for me. Kh!”

Shizuko could not wait, so she began twisting her hips. The pleasure spreading through her entire penis caused Kirara to thrust upwards. Then the pleasure burst within Shizuko’s body, so she naturally moved her hips and her vagina squeezed. Kirara’s penis responded to that by hopping up again and Shizuko’s hips twisted in response.

“Ahhhhn!”

“Khhhhh!”



Thy both found the best rhythm for their movements and provided each other pleasure.

“Ahh, I can, nhh, feel you…feel you surrounding me, Shizu.”

“Nhh, ahh, and I can, kh, feel you filling me up, Kirara-san.”

“Ah, ah, Shizu, my milk, suck out my milk.”

“O-okay.”

Shizuko buried her face in those large breasts that kept their shape even while Kirara was lying down. She massaged the left one with her right hand while stroking the erect nipple with her lips and poking at the tip with her tongue. Her left hand similarly grabbed at and squeezed the right one.

“Ah, ahh, yes! Your tongue feels so good! The milk is coming out!”

The very tip of her tongue actually slipped into the urethra-like opening at the tip of the nipple.

Her left hand’s index finger searched out that nipple’s hole too. The inside wriggled almost like a vagina and it invited her finger further and further in. The movement was so indecent it caused her mind to blush bright.

She removed her mouth from the right boob and spoke to Kirara.

“Your boobs are so hot.”

“Thanks, Shizu. I’m glad.”

Kirara had heard similar things countless times the night before and it had only made her sob in humiliation. Yet when it came from Shizuko, they became sweet words of love.

Shizuko gulped and inserted her two index fingers into the two nipples. Kirara arched her back and her penis trembled within Shizuko.

“Wow. Your penis is penetrating me while my fingers penetrate you. It’s so wonderful.”

“Ah, ahhhn! Wait, I’m cumming, I’m cumming! My penis and boobs are cumming!”

A powerful torrent of semen hit Shizuko deep inside. An impact of hot pleasure reverberated through her lower body and spread throughout the rest of her body.

“Ahhh, I’m…I’m cumming tooooo!”

At the same time, milk erupted from the nipples, pushing Shizuko’s fingers out. The thick, milky liquid splattered all over Shizuko’s flushed face.

“Ah, ahh.”

She obeyed her orgasm-melted mind by pushing together Kirara’s breasts and taking both nipples into her mouth at once. A warm sweetness flowed into her mouth and down her throat.

“Nh, nhh, it’s so good. Your milk tastes so good.”

Kirara heard Shizuko say more while her body and mind were filled with joy, pleasure, and deep love.

No, she sensed it. These words suddenly appeared in her head without passing through her hearing or sight first.

(Kirara-san, can you hear me? If you can, respond with your thoughts instead of your voice.)

(Eh? Wh-what is this?)
(When we kissed, I sent a portion of my nanomodules into your brain. They are sending a signal to the speech center of your brain. We can communicate at the speed of thought, so this is faster and more private than speaking out loud.)

(Is your body okay when you do that? Aren’t the nanomodules a part of your brain and nerves?)

(Please listen. A signal is being sent to the machines embedded in our brains and I managed to track it back to its source. That doesn’t let me use my armor, but if I use my nanomodules to eliminate the effects of the machine in your brain, I should be able to restore your Offbeat powers. Once your powers are back, please take me to the location I give you. I can operate the machines in our brains from there.)

(Okay, can do.)

(I will stop your machine now.)

Kirara easily gathered strength in her arms and legs, just like she always had before being captured in this building.