Thunderclaps: Chapter 1 - Thunderclaps Together!

“You know what that bastard in the black gasmask and cape said to me while holding out his fist? ‘I am a knight in service to fear. Fear is the only thing criminals will obey.’ Yeah, there’s no way I’m heading out at night again.”
Testimony from Jonathan Chill, a mugger and the first person captured by Terror Knight (1960, from testimony received during questioning by New York police)



August 3, 2001.

3:14 PM.

If you left Ikebukuro Station’s east exit, took a right, and walked a bit, you would arrive at the 9-story bookstore known as Genuine Booksellers. It was the largest bookstore in Ikebukuro and one of the largest in Tokyo as a whole. Currently, a customer in the history section on the 5th floor was gathering all the attention.

The woman was so beautiful you could practically smell it. Her well-formed features were a perfect match for the glossy black hair she wore tied back. She was in her mid-twenties and she was currently viewing the bookcase with sharp eyes while removing a book about the Italian city-states during the Renaissance.

She wore a pure white blouse and a black, ankle-length skirt, but the body contained within was curvy enough to make both men and women gasp. The thin material of the blouse’s chest was pushed out by the large mounds below. The waist below her belt formed a gentle, narrowing curve and the shape of her plump butt and thighs showed through the black fabric of her skirt.

Several customers and employees intentionally walked past behind her to get a look at those mature proportions, but she did not seem to mind. With three thick hard-cover tomes in her hands, she entered a small room filled with desks.

These rooms that allowed one to leisurely view a book before buying it was one of Genuine Booksellers’ selling points. The woman sat in a cushioned chair and spread out the books on a desk.

Then someone approached from behind her.

But instead of a man, it was a girl in her late teens.

“Hey, hey, Rei-chan. This bookstore is boring. I’m sick of it, so I’m going to sleep.”

“Don’t say that, Bell. We’re here to buy some books I absolutely need.”

Rindou Rei did not look back as she chided the girl named Yanagi Isabella Mika, or Bell for short.

Rei wore a mature and subdued outfit, but Bell wore a white T-shirt that left her midriff exposed, light blue jeans shorts cut off at the very base of the thighs, and fingerless black leather gloves. It was a revealing outfit, but it did not seem inappropriate with her lithe, well-tanned body. The healthy and energetic beauty of a 17-year-old simply put a smile on the faces of anyone who saw her.

“Let’s go to the arcade. They got a new fighting game!”

“You can go on your own.”

“But I don’t have any money.”

“Did you already spend your allowance? Well, that’s not my problem.”

Rei stopped talking and lost herself in the pages.

“Oh, you think you can treat me like that, do you?”

Bell vanished from behind the chair.

“Ahn!”

Rei’s shoulders jumped.

“Bell, we can’t do that here. Not even as a prank. Ahh.”

“A sweet sigh left her lips.

“Meow.”

An amused feline voice answered her from below the desk. Bell had crawled down at Rei’s feet in the blink of an eye. Wooden panels were placed between the desk’s legs on the other three sides, so she was hidden from view.

She swiftly removed Rei’s right high heel, stuck out her tongue like a kitten lapping up milk from a saucer, and licked between the big toe and second toe.

“You’re so cold, Rei-chan. But that just means I have to warm you up.”

“Ahn, this isn’t going to ‘warm me up’.”

“Liar, meow. Licking your right foot’s toes always switches you on.”

“I am not a robot or a cyborg, so I don’t have a swi- ahn!”

Bell lifted up Rei’s right foot and stuck the entire big toe into her mouth. Rei ended up crying out and gathering suspicious looks from the other customers. She quickly lowered her head and scolded Bell in a whisper.

“Stop this, Bell. Stop it right this instant.”

Bell pretended not to hear while pressing the big toe against her inner cheek, making wet sounds, and angling her head while moving it up and down. Any man would have held his bulging crotch after seeing that skilled fellatio technique.

“Hh, hn, ahh.”
Rei’s breaths became obvious moans. She did not even notice that she was rubbing her thighs together below her black skirt or that her left foot’s big toe was curling up.

“Ahn, nh, Bell, stop this. Ahh, people are watching.”

“Isn’t that what makes it so hot? I can smell the difference in your sweat.”

The long skirt had zippers on either side and Bell unzipped both of them upwards at the same time. Her passionate tongue and lips left the big toe, crawled along the top of Rei’s foot, wet her ankle, and climbed her calf.

Bell was up on her knees now and the mounds of her young bust pushed out Super Offbeat’s face on the chest of her T-shirt. That was an official product from the S Foundation that managed Super Offbeat’s copyright and distributed all profits to volunteer groups around the world.

Bell licked along Rei’s right thigh while gently pushing on Rei’s left leg with her hand. Despite her protests, Rei’s left leg spread open at the guidance of this girl 9 years her junior. With the side zippers fully undone, her skirt had become separate front and back cloths that fell down between her thighs.

She lowered her flushed face to the desk to keep it from being seen while her legs were spread wide below the desk with everything between hidden only by the front cloth that had been her skirt. Bell’s heart pounded at the sight. Rei always responded sensitively to her light caresses and subconsciously revealed her sexual side like this.

Delighted, Bell ran her fingers along Rei’s inner thighs and moved between the woman’s legs.

“Meow. Rei-chan, I’d love to see what’s going on below here.”

Her index finger poked at Rei’s crotch through the skirt.

“Nh, hh, but that’s…”

Rei’s shoulders jumped and she shook her head.

“I’ll just take a quick peek.”

Bell grabbed the hem of the skirt with both hands and lifted it up to reveal white silk panties with a fairly high leg cut.

“I haven’t even touched it yet and your panties are already so soaked I can see your dirty bits showing through. Care to explain this? I thought you said you didn’t like doing it where people might see you.”

“N-no comment.”

Bell gave a theatrical sniff of her nose.

“I love how you smell down here.”

She buried her face in Rei’s crotch and used her upper lips to kiss Rei’s lower lips through the thin and see-through fabric. Then she audibly slurped up the female nectar.

“Hh, khh!”
Rei let out a loud moan and the fluorescent lights on the ceiling flickered intensely. All the customers in the reading room looked up in surprise. That was the only reason no one noticed the bluish-white electricity rising from Rei’s trembling shoulders. A faint stench of burning air filled the room.

“You just went zap. That’s how I know you’re enjoying it.”

“I-I am not- ahn!”

When Bell sucked up more nectar, Rei mobilized all of her willpower to concentrate her electricity on only the lower half of her body. The electricity left her bare toes and entered the floor.

“Your juices taste so good. You really are made differently from other people.”

“That is not what – ah, ahn – my people would want to be – kh – known for – ahh!”

Rei’s hips hopped up in her chair, lightning spiraled around below the desk, and Bell’s short hair stood on end.

Bell found the flesh pearl through the panties and repeatedly poked it with her tongue tip.

“Ahh, nhhh, kh, ahhh.”

Teased by Bell’s tongue, Rei wiggled her hips in all directions. She did not even notice her hands had started crawling along her blouse and rubbing gently at her large breasts while making sure the other customers would not notice. Threads of bluish electricity crackled within the cleavage between the large mounds contained in her white blouse. Her clothing was made of a special material that could survive her own electricity.

Bell’s tongue was going to town on Rei’s wet panties. The secret flower garden below released hot sex nectar and begged for more powerful stimulation. Bell was aware that Rei’s body was burning with pleasure, but she made no attempt to directly touch the contents of her panties. She continued enjoying the strange flavor of her love juices.

“Ah, ahn, o-okay.”

Rei grew frustrated as the caress stubbornly refused to directly touch her where she wanted it. She pushed her lower body forward to ask for more.

“O-okay, Bell, I can’t stand it any longer. Ahn, nh, give me, ah, the usual.”

Bell looked up from between Rei’s thighs to view the woman’s moaning face.

“What’s the usual? I’m just a dumb kitty, so you’re gonna have to tell me what you mean, meow.”

“S-Salma-chan. G-give me Salma-chan.”
Bell grinned and her large canines glittered.

“And what do you want me to do with Salma? You’re gonna have to show me, meow.”

“Oh, Bell. You’re so mean.”

“If you don’t tell me, then I’m done. I got a good taste of you, so you can do the rest yourself.”

Bell crawled out from under the desk and walked toward the reading room’s exit.

“I’ll go read some of the manga. Bye bye!”

“Wait.”

A desperate voice reached Bell’s ears as she strutted out between the bookcases. Rei’s sweaty hand grabbed hers from behind.

“L-let’s head to the bathroom.

“Meowww!”

A short girl in a blue dress heard that cry of delight from the other side of a bookcase.

“Are those two sneaking off to do it again?”

Kitahara Shizuko’s heart pounded in her small chest and she quietly followed after Rei and Bell as they entered the 5th floor women’s restroom.

Once those two entered a stall together, Rei bent over at nearly a right angle and placed her hands on the wall. She stuck her butt out toward Bell with the black cloth surrounding it.

She turned her flushed faced back toward Bell.

“Please.”

“Please what?”

“You really are mean.”

Rei removed her hands from the stall’s wall. Even without her support, she maintained her right angle pose without the slightest waver. At the urging of Bell’s wordless gaze, she pulled up her own skirt, revealing her plump butt and the pure white panties plastered to her by sweat and nectar.

“Hurry it up or I really am going to the manga section.”

The woman’s lower body wiggled alluringly side to side while she lowered her own wet panties. This revealed the bare butt that Bell had seen many times but loved seeing every single time.

Before Bell said anything, Rei dug her fingers into her soft butt and spread the deep valley. All the beautiful flesh hidden there was revealed to Bell’s eyes.

The hidden lips were already soaked and they spread on their own to show off the wet, coral-pink flesh within. The clitoris had grown erect and pushed out from its hood.

While her cheeks were hot with embarrassment, her body was hot with arousal.

“That’s meowr like it.”

Hearing that, Rei dug her fingers even deeper into her butt. The gaze piercing her caused her inner flesh to twitch while new love juices impatiently flowed out.

Bell was so focused on that sexual action that her sharp senses failed to notice the girl hiding just outside the stall.

Shizuko increased her auditory pickup so she could clearly capture the secret conversation held inside the stall.

She also switched her vision to heat detection mode. She could not fully see through the wall, but she could see the red silhouettes of the human body heat within.

“Rei-san is doing that?” she muttered while her heart pounded so hard she thought it would burst from her chest.

The two inside had elevated body heats. Rei’s lower body was especially hot. She knew this was wrong, but she still held her breath and searched out the body heat of those two.

She was 17, just like Bell. But unlike Bell, the body inside her pure blue dress was slender as a twig. Still, heat gathered in her small chest and slender hips along with the rhythm of the two in the stall. Rei’s sexuality lit a fire in that still-growing body.

“I shouldn’t be doing this. I really shouldn’t.”

That inner fire rejected the commands coming from her rational mind. Before she knew it, her inner thighs were rubbing together.

She was well aware that those two were in a relationship. She knew Bell’s seemingly cruel commands were only fuel for the fire within Rei’s mind and body. It was a form of foreplay that only worked because they knew each other so well. Of course, it was knowing all this that made Shizuko comfortable enough to spy on them.

“But…oh, wow. They’re doing that here too?”
Bell removed the black leather glove on her right hand. The exposed back of her hand contained a green tattoo of a stylized animal face. She quickly chanted something in a language other than Japanese and held her fist out toward Rei’s ass.

Rei remained waiting in that horny and embarrassing pose.

“Come forth, Salma. Rei-chan can’t wait any longer.”

The tattoo on her fist glowed with an emerald light that illuminated the inside of the stall. A skinny snake appeared within the green light. It reared a head covered in scales colored the same dark green as the light and a red tongue flitted in and out of its mouth.

Scientifically speaking, the snake that appeared from her right hand was not a living creature. The tattoo had been given to her by an elderly shaman in her native South America and it was a magic circle that summoned a snake spirit.

“Now, Salma. Give Rei-chan the time of her life.”

The snake spirit named Salma nodded with a clearly happy-looking expression on its reptilian face. It slithered down Rei’s butt and its flitting tongue tickled the inside of the labia.

“Eek!”

The long-awaited sensation made Rei’s lower body jump. Bluish-white electricity crackled around the hair running down her back. The small green snake seemed to know how human sexuality worked because it used its forked tongue to part the flesh within Rei. She moaned but also frantically cried out.

“Ahhh, w-wait, Bell, nhh, n-not there.”

Bell gave an exaggerated tilt of her head.

“Ohh? Did I get something wrong? But that’s where I like it.”

“U-um, I…I like it better in the other hole.”

“The other hole? What other hole, meow?”

Rei’s face stiffened with embarrassment and she spoke the usual words like some kind of ceremony.

“My-my butt. I am an embarrassing woman who gets off to having her butt pleasured.”

With each word, the lovely flesh bud at the bottom of that deep valley twitched more to seduce bell and Salma. The snake changed targets and started poking at her anus instead.

“Hwah, ah, ahhh, y-yes, ahn, this…this is what I wanted. Salma’s tongue feels so good on my butt!”

The snake’s skillful tongue loosened up her ass and pleasure burst within her. Her hips just about gave out, so she quickly placed her hands on the wall.

Before her butt cheeks could close, the snake’s head touched the hole.

“Nh, nhhn.”

That bud opened on its own and the snake greedily pushed in its triangular head that resembled a penis head. Salma slithered deep inside with practiced movements.

Each time the snake wriggled within her butt, Rei’s entire body was melted by sweet bursts of pleasure. Small lightning bolts crackled from all across her body. But even now, she had enough instinctual control over the electric current inside her to not electrocute the snake providing this pleasure.

“Ahh…he’s…he’s so deep. Ahhhn, I love it. Salma is so dep inside my ass. Yes, yes, my ass is melting!”

Salma had separated from Bell’s hand and almost entirely entered Rei’s body. The emerald green tail tip stuck out like it was a part of Rei’s own body.

“Wow, this is so good. Ah, ahhn, I love it so much!”

“Your butt is squeezing so wonderfully tight it’s almost painful.”



Bell was linked to Salma through the tattoo, so she could feel every movement of Rei’s body as she sought more pleasure.

Rei nearly collapsed, but she managed to use her trembling arms and tingling legs to support herself. She was subconsciously maintaining the sexy raised butt pose so Bell could enjoy it.

But her efforts only went so far. After the embarrassment had burned her body for so long during the foreplay, she was not long in reaching her climax.

“Ahhh, wait! Ahh, n-not so soon. I’m about to cum. My ass is about to cum! Ahhh!”
She sharply arched her back in the white blouse, her black hair flew behind her, and her butt wiggled sexily.

“I’m cumming! I’m cumming, I’m cumming! I’m cumming with Salma in my ass!!”

With an especially loud cry, an orgasmic burst of electricity left all of her body’s skin, but none of it was directed toward Bell and Salma.

She slumped to the bathroom floor and found Bell sticking her lower body in front of her face.

“Rei-chan, now do me.”

She looked up at the younger girl and obediently nodded, but her face quickly melted.

“O-of course. Ah, b-but, nhh, please remove Salma first. If you don’t, ah, nhh.”

Her butt wiggled provocatively on the floor and the emerald green tail sticking out flipped side to side. Her butt was sensitive so soon after climax, but the snake was still wriggling and providing sensual stimulation without giving her a break.

“You will do it with Salma still there, of course. It’s more fun that way, don’t you think? Maybe I should leave him in there all day.”

“Ahhh, wait…nhh.”

While overjoyed at the thought of that endless pleasure, Rei unzipped Bell’s shorts, buried her face in the puffy flesh there, and delivered a rain of kisses.



Shizuko had been pressing her back against the bathroom wall when Rei achieved her first orgasm. The psychological shock had left her legs weak. She had suppressed her heavy breathing and worked to somehow cool her own arousal, but Bell’s moans shortly thereafter had made that impossible.

“Oh, they’re still at it.”

“Huh? What are you doing here, Shizu?”
“Wahh!”
She waved her hands in a panic when she heard a familiar voice from behind her. She turned around to see a tall figure in a baggy white shirt and dark blue pants. Gentle eyes viewed her through black-framed glasses.

“N-n-nothing, nothing at all! L-l-let’s leave now, Kirara-san.”

She pushed on Hyuuga Kirara’s back toward the exit to the bathroom.

“Leave? But I have to use the bathroom.”

“Then please use a different one.”

She hung her blushing head and tried to push Kirara out, but that was no easy task when she was short and Kirara was over 170cm tall.

Once they finally reached a deserted staircase landing, she took a deep sigh.

Puzzled by that behavior, Kirara tilted her head and asked a question.

“Hey, what’s gotten into you? Oh, was Bell doing something weird again? I swear she isn’t even trying to adapt to Japan.”

“N-no. There was nothing wrong with what Rei-san and Bell-san were doing.”

“Rei too!? Oh, I get it. They snuck off to the bathroom again.”

“But it’s not their fault! They just grew up in different places is all, so um…”

“Yeah, Rei sure did. And Bell only arrived in Japan last year. Plus, I guess you can’t expect any of us Offbeats to live a normal lifestyle, so maybe it isn’t a big deal.”

“That’s right. I was always in the lab, so- oops.”

Shizuko slapped her hands over her mouth when that slipped out. Although that only told Kirara that she had said something she should not have.

(Oh, no. I need to change the subject somehow.)

She panicked, but she could not picture anything other than Rei and Bell’s intimate embrace in her mind. She ended up speaking without really thinking.

“Um, Kirara-san? You’re 19, so you’ve had your first kiss already, right?”

“Eh? W-well…”

Kirara’s eyes widened and then Shizuko realized what she had said.

“O-oh, sorry! I’ll head back to the car.”

Blushing bright, turning around and running down the stairs felt like her only option.

Kirara sighed and watched the girl run off.



After running to a rough 4-wheel-drive vehicle parked in Ikebukuro Station’s underground parking garage, Shizuko hit the switch next to the steering wheel. All the windows grew dark and the automatic inside lights switched off.

She threw herself back into the seat in the darkness within the vehicle.

Her heart was pounding. Was that because she had spied on Rei and Bell having sex, or because of what she had said to Kirara?

She had also mentioned the lab for the first time.

That lab was where she had become an Offbeat.

No one knew how many Offbeats there were around the world, but they had all received their superpowers in different ways. How that happened was commonly referred to as their origin story.

Rei and Bell had revealed their origin stories to their teammates, but Shizuko and Kirara had kept theirs secret. The others had not asked about it since revealing your origin story could reveal your weakness as an Offbeat. Still, Shizuko felt like she was being dishonest to keep a secret from her trustworthy teammates.

The lab was where she had been born and raised. She had lived there with her father.

Her father had been a scientist and there had been an accident at his lab 13 years ago.

Her mother had died instantly. Except she had not died in the normal sense. She had been exposed to a massive amount of the special energy Shizuko’s father had been researching and she had been utterly obliterated.

4-year-old Shizuko had also been exposed to the energy and the interior of her body had collapsed. Most of her neurons had ceased to function. To save his dying young daughter, her father had taken a machine he was developing and implanted it in the young girl’s body.

The tiny machines known as nanomodules had taken over Shizuko’s gradually dying brain and nerve functions and formed an artificial nervous system. The nanomodules had even taken in the personality built up in her original brain.

She had just barely survived and there had been no mental impairment, but it had taken ten years before she could live a normal life.

She had finally reached the point of going outside at the age of 15, but then her father had died. He had been hit by a car, but it had been a hit-and-run and the driver had never been found. Her father’s younger brother had taken over the lab and her life had changed. Since she was the only example of successful nanomodule healing, her uncle had only seen her as a lab rat. Just as she thought she was free of the lab, she had been imprisoned there.

Half a year ago, she had made up her mind, destroyed the lab using the nanomodule external terminal her father had made, and escaped.

At the time, she had known nothing of the world outside the lab, so she had wandered the streets at night with nowhere to go. She had ended up curled up below a park slide while soaked with rain, shivering from the cold, and aching from hunger.

“What’s wrong?”
Fearing the kind voice she heard, she had sent a command to the external terminal. Nanomodules had flooded from the attaché case, covered her right hand, and instantly formed a metal glove. The energy that gathered around her fingertip had sliced through the dark night and struck the person approaching her.

Only after attacking did she realize the energy beam’s power setting was still what it had been when she destroyed the lab’s wall. The person she had hit was blown away, leaving nothing behind.

(I killed someone!)

As the horror of her own action hit her, the exact same kind voice reached her.

“I won’t hurt you, so don’t be scared.”

A young woman had appeared in the light of a streetlight. Her clothing had been partially burned away, leaving her large bust bared. The remnants of her clothing’s chest clung to her smooth skin as ashes, but she was not hurt or even burned. Her body had survived enough heat to melt steel beams.

Shizuko had frozen up in shock and then the woman had held her to her naked breast.

“If you have nowhere to go, then come with me.”

That had been Hyuuga Kirara. Kirara had brought Shizuko to Rindou Rei’s mansion. Rei and Bell had been on a trip that day, so Kirara and Shizuko had been alone in the mansion. Kirara had cooked some food for starving Shizuko and they had eaten it together. They had bathed together and washed each other’s bodies. They had slept in the same futon and Kirara had held scared Shizuko’s hand and gently held her as she slept.

When Rei and Bell had returned home two days later, they too had happily accepted Shizuko. They had explained that Kirara had been similarly taken in by Rei two years before and Bell one year before.

“But I’m not sure how to feel about seeing them like that.”

She could still see Rei and Bell’s indecent forms in her mind’s eye.

Her body – her hips – filled with heat once more.

She placed her right hand on top of her dress and then slid it toward her crotch.

“Nh.”

Her slender body jumped and tensed.

That soft touch through her clothes had felt like it sent a jolt of electricity through her body. The sensation was created by the nanomodules in her erogenous zone, passed up the nanomodules in her spine, and reached the nanomodules forming her brain.

“It’s Rei-san and Bell-san’s fault I’m so sensitive here.”

Those two made it no secret that they were bisexual. Due to their unique backgrounds, they did not see sex as a taboo thing. Thanks to that, they were constantly going at it and it was not uncommon to stumble across them in the act.

“But I…I…”

She wanted to say she could not accept it, but her right hand was lifting up her dress. Her sweaty legs were exposed to the air. Her fingers crawled up her thigh and touched her pure white panties. Her fingertips trembled at the warm and sticky damp sensation there.

“I’m wet. I’m really, really wet.”

She was a virgin herself. She had spent most of her 17 years of life in the lab and the only men nearby had been her late father and her uncle. In fact, she had not had any friends her own age, so she had not heard any of the stories about such things like most adolescents would. Her first exposure to sexuality had been stumbling on Rei and Bell’s lesbian lovemaking.

“They’ve made me into such a dirty girl.”



Guided by the carnal arousal she blamed on Rei and Bell, her fingers started to rub at her crotch. She had masturbated for the first time only after going to the Rindou house. That was a natural part of growing up, but her pure personality made it hard to accept.

“I can’t let myself become even dirtier.”

But once she had learned of this pleasure, she could not resist it. Against her wishes, her fingers rubbed along the wet slit through her panties.

“Nh, no, nh, ah, I shouldn’t be doing this, hh.”

She was still too scared to touch her genitals directly. Her undeveloped finger technique only provided undeveloped pleasure, but it was enough to sear her soul right now. Her hips began twisting and her butt rubbed audibly against the seat.

“Ahh, will I do that kind of thing with a man some day?”

She had never seen a man naked. Well, she had seen her father naked when she was very young, but she did not think of him as a man. He was a father, not a man. And his genitals had not been hard.

She was aware that penises got erect during sex. And they were inserted into the vagina. She was also familiar with fellatio and anal sex. She had had plenty of time to search the internet while imprisoned in the lab.

While she wandered in the slight (but significant for her) carnal pleasure she was providing herself, she subconsciously started imagining a man’s thing. She imagined what it must feel like to touch one with her hand. How hard would it be? And how hot? Could she move her hand in a way that made it ejaculate?

She asked all of those question, but she could not actually picture the person who the penis belonged to. She had no image of a man she was actually interested in.

Hers was a strange adolescence.

She was ignorant of true love, so the kind of sex she hoped to have would be with someone who would hold her gently and generously provide her with love. She had only experienced that once before.

“Ah, nh, yes, it feels so good…do it more.”

Her fingers kept moving to pleasure herself, but in her heart, she imagined it was…



“My first kiss, huh?”

Kirara leaned against the metal railing and spat the words hatefully up into the blue sky.

She stood all alone on the roof of Genuine Booksellers. Customers were not allowed there, so it was an otherwise deserted space. She looked up to see the cloudless azure expanse of the sky, but her heart was dark and cloudy.

Those clouds had come from Shizuko’s question.

She pressed her strong hands against her chest. That pushed her baggy shirt against her body, revealing the size of her chest. Those attractive breasts were just as large as Rei’s. She then slid her hands down to her lower body. They traced the beautiful curves of her body. While Rei had round, mature bodylines, Kirara had a tight, fit body with only her breasts and butt providing more curves.

She knew she had an attractive body. If she wore something sexy instead of baggy shirts and pants that hid her shape, men would likely be all over her.

“Even Shizu will kiss someone eventually. It could even happen tomorrow. …Dammit!”

She swung a karate chop down at the railing.

With a dull sound, the horizontal steel bar bent like clay.

“Oh, whoops.”

She grabbed the bent railing with both hands and tried to return it to normal.

That was when she heard an explosion.

Black smoke rose from the Tokyo Metropolitan Theatre located on the other side of Ikebukuro Station from her.

Then it happened a second, third, and fourth time. Explosions and screams came from four different locations visible from the roof of Genuine Booksellers.

“Looks like trouble.”

She removed her black-framed glasses and stripped off her clothes with superhuman speed.

She revealed the pure white costume she wore below her shirt and pants. It was a combination of a formfitting leotard and miniskirt, so it looked something like a cheerleader outfit that showed off her dynamite proportions. A prominent yellow flame symbol was displayed on her chest and a hip-length cape fluttered back from her shoulders.

She finished changing in mere seconds and then her feet left the concrete floor without a running start or even jumping. She floated high into the sky while maintaining her standing pose and she shouted into the communicator built into her left hand’s bracelet.

“This is Flare. The Thunderclaps have a job to do.”

In that moment, Hyuuga Kirara became a superhero.



“Hey, no fair. I haven’t cum yet.”

Bell complained to the communicator ring on her right hand while Rei continued eating her out.

“Ah, nhh, w-we have to go.”

Rei still had the snake spirit pleasuring her ass and she had climaxed a second time while going down on her teammate, but now she looked up with love juices soaking her face.

“Return, Salma.”

On Bell’s command, the emerald snake pulled out of Rei’s butt all at once.

“Ahn!”

Rei’s sweaty butt trembled.

The snake slithered through the air and vanished into the tattoo on the back of Bell’s right hand.

Bell removed her ring, put it in her mouth, and recited an incantation resembling a bestial roar.

An instant transformation came over her.

Animal fur grew across her body, giving her a jaguar-like pattern of bright yellow with large black spots. A long tail grew from her butt and whipped around.

Her hair grew into a yellow mane and triangular cat ears poked up from within it.

Yanagi Isabella Mika had become a beautiful feline beastwoman.

She removed the ring communicator from her mouth and placed it back on her finger which was now much furrier.

“Hell, yeah! Time for Ocelot to protect justice for another day!!”

An ocelot was a type of wild cat in South America.

Rei’s hips were still tingling, but she stood up and pulled down the collar of her blouse. Her fingers reached a gold metal choker around her neck.

Her blouse, skirt, high heels, and bra were all broken down in an instant and absorbed within the choker. A scarlet and blue material sprayed from the choker to cover her now-naked skin. The two colors of material instantly solidified to form a think, formfitting costume covered with lightning patterns.

It covered her entire body, but both her legs and the area between the center of her chest and below her navel were transparent, so it looked a lot like she was wearing a revealing high-leg one-piece swimsuit and red boots.

She also had a scarlet eye mask on her face.

Once she had finished changing, she spoke into her choker communicator.

“Let’s split up and deal with all four locations at once. Kirara, you head to the west entrance. Shizuko, you take care of the east entrance.”

After giving the four of them their tasks, Rei and Bell opened the door to the stall.

“Ah!”

A girl of early elementary school age had just walked into the bathroom and her jaw dropped.

“Ocelot! Star Thunder! Two of the Thunderclaps are here!!”

She ran over, so Rei spoke kindly to her as Star Thunder.

“Sorry, but you heard those explosions, didn’t you? We have a job to do.”

“Okay!”

The girl agreed, but then her excited young eyes turned toward Ocelot. Star Thunder’s sexy costume was popular with adults, but Ocelot was popular with the kids.

“Tell me one thing, Ocelot. Is that a costume? Or are you naked?”
Ocelot grinned and showed her fangs to the girl.

“That’s a secret of justice, meow.”

She bent her right wrist and pressed it against her cat ear like a maneki neko.

The delighted girl mimicked the action.

“Meow!”

Sensing some excited gazes behind her, Rei opened the bathroom window and whispered to Bell.

“Even if the long fur makes it hard to tell, maybe it’s not the best idea for a superhero to walk around in public naked like that.”

“I can’t help it. Everything I’m wearing disappears somewhere while I’m transformed. Plus, I don’t mind at all.”

Ocelot jumped out of the 5th floor window first.



“Kh!”

Shizuko’s immature pleasure arrived at its climax.

The penis in her mind’s eye was shooting out a white liquid. Her imagination looked up from there to see a smooth stomach. And above that, a pair of large, soft breasts.

(Eh? Breasts?)
She felt like her body was melting and spreading out across the seat, but she noticed something odd about her imagination. Her intimate moment with her imagined ideal partner was mixing together with her memories of being taken in by Kirara.

(Not again. Why do I keep doing this?)

Her guilt mixed in with the pleasant afterglow. She had no idea how to process that feeling, so it left her confused.

Then a transmission from Kirara played directly in her nanomodule brain.

“O-oh. Kirara-san, sorry.”

“C’mon, Shizu, what are you even apologizing for? We have a job to do.”

“Oh, um, uh, okay.”

She stammered as Rei’s instructions reached her brain.

“Understood. I need to hurry.”

She quickly removed her clothes in the seat until she was only in her bra and panties.

Then the attaché case in the vehicle’s cargo space opened all on its own and countless metal pieces shot out.

One after another, they attached themselves to Shizuko’s body, which looked young even for 17.