Thunderclaps 3: Chapter 3 - Maximum Sexuality
“My power and all Offbeat powers are a gift from god. Please use them to bring about peace.”

(1978, speech at the papal inauguration)

Polish archbishop and superhero Blue Cross became the first Offbeat pope

 

“You…”

A gloomy voice slipped into Flare’s still unconscious mind.

“…cannot resist…”

The voice spoke clearly in her mind, but it was indeed terribly gloomy and depressing.

“…the Dark Arena.”

She awoke with the words seeming to permeate her body.

She was still in her costume and seated on a black leather sofa in the center of a small, cramped room. The sofa was surrounded by five white-aproned maids who looked like they had stepped out of a European aristocrat’s home.

But her attention was fully focused on the strange man standing directly in front of her. He was skinny and his entire body was tattooed with a writing system she didn’t recognize. His writing-covered lips, teeth, and tongue moved to produce the voice that had permeated her body as she awoke.

“Welcome to the Dark Arena, Flare of the Thunderclaps. You are the last to wake.”

“Who are you?”

“Call me Storyteller. My role is to tell the stories of the superheroes trapped in the Dark Arena. I am currently telling your story.”

“Are you the one behind all this!?”

Flare sprang up from the sofa and reached for Storyteller.

But her hands stopped against her will. Her fingers seemed to flash freeze just before touching his narrow shoulders. Her legs similarly refused to step forward.

“Impossible. How are you doing this!?” she shouted.

There were Offbeats who could mind control people in a heartbeat, but her brain had been designed by a genius scientist to make her an untouchable warrior and it had defenses in place to resist mind control. Telepaths couldn’t read her mind either.

Storyteller accepted her consternation with cold eyes.

“I am not controlling your mind. I am the one and only teller of your true story. My words contain the Kotodama that make them the story of your body. I said you cannot resist me, so your body cannot resist me.”

“That shouldn’t be possible!”

Flare gathered all of her strength, trying to move her arm – her fingers – forward. If she could get just one finger on him, she could easily send that twig of a man through the wall. Just one finger.

“Sit.”

A single word left his tattooed mouth.

“Ah, ahh, how is this happening?”

She groaned as her hips lowered to the carpet on the floor. She took the same pose as a pet dog ordered to sit. She was so humiliated she repeated the same word as earlier.

“Impossible, impossible.”

The ruler of words looked down at the enraged hero and spoke calmly.

“The maids will change your clothes. Obey them. While they do, Snow Wing will be by to explain the Dark Arena to you. And even when you appear on the stage, you are only permitted the actions that obey our orders. Keep that in mind.”

Storyteller turned his bony back toward her. He opened the only door and exited into the hallway.

“Wait. I said wait! Eh? What the hell!?”

After the Kotodama master left, an unbelievable sight nervously entered. Flare was dumbfounded as this person apologized in a vanishingly quiet voice.

“I’m sorry, Flare-san. This is all our fault.”

Flare finally recovered and rattled off a couple of questions.

“Snow Wing! Why are you dressed like that!? Is that really you!?”
“It is…”

That was all Snow Wing said. She was dressed in what looked like a porn parody version of her costume. Her trademark little suit sat wide open at the chest and she wasn’t wearing a shirt below it, so her breasts were fully exposed. She wore a white collar around her neck like a bunny girl and a red necktie was buried in her deep cleavage.

(Wait, cleavage!?)

Flare questioned her observation.

(Since when?)

Ozora Miki wasn’t the super sexy type, which wasn’t unusual for a TV announcer. There was no mistaking the chest usually seen on TV as anything more than an A-cup. But the chest bared before Flare’s eyes now drew out the ideal curves of at least D-cups.

Shiny pink areolae blossomed at the tips of the two round mounds and the nipples had stiffly grown to match the size of the tip of a little finger.

A gold-glittering ring was attached at the base of each erect nipple. They were not actual piercings, but the thick tube-like rings were squeezing the nipples tight. It looked painful.

The announcer wore another gold ring on her body. Her sky blue bodysuit had a hole at the crotch, allowing anyone to see what should have been hidden most of all.

Stiff flesh even bigger than her nipples poked out from between her exposed labia. It was so large Flare might have mistaken it for something else if it weren’t located there.

The erect clitoris had pushed fully out of its hood and a gold ring squeezed it tight as well.

“Are you okay with those rings on you?”

Flare reached out without really thinking and touched the nipple rings.

“Ahhh!”

Snow Wing screamed and the body forced into the lewd outfit slumped to the floor. Her head tilted back and she seemed to be pushing out her mysteriously expanded breasts. She would normally have covered those breasts with her hands, but she instead scratched at empty air like she feared having her nipples touched.

“Ahh, ahhhh.”

Heated cries continued to leave her trembling mouth, but these were clearly fueled by intense carnal pleasure from her nipples, not pain. Her excessive reaction made Flare gulp and back away.

“Why are you, um…”

Flare couldn’t bring herself to ask why Snow Wing was so sensitive there and she trailed off, but the less experienced hero still explained in a trembling voice and with a blush on her cheeks.

“I-I’m sorry. Storyteller’s story…made my breasts and…c-clitoris grow…and become scarily sensitive. And these rings are…constantly stimulating them…ahh, even now I can barely stand it…ahh!”

“How can they do this? Who is this Storyteller and who are these maids!?”

The five maids did not seem remotely bothered by the superhero shouting angrily about them. They calmly but swiftly reached for Flare’s body.

“Hey. What do you think you’re doing!? Stop!”
Flare’s resistance was exclusively verbal. Her arms had superhuman strength, but the maids easily lifted them to strip off her white costume.

Once she was naked, the maids spread out a new costume for her to see. It was clearly a size smaller than her real one.

Just like Snow Wing’s embarrassing costume, this one had two holes in the chest bearing the flame mark. The miniskirt didn’t have a front or back to hide her crotch and butt. Unlike Snow Wings, the crotch had a single thin strap hanging down. It hung from the back of the hips and had a small metal hook on the end. There was an inconspicuous white button below the navel on the front.

Flare realized what the strap on the back and the button on the stomach meant. The new costume the Dark Arena had for her didn’t just accentuate her crotch – it slipped between her labia to stimulate the vulva within.

“You actually expect me to wear this!?”

A shout that would have made a heavily-armed terrorist flinch did not affect the maids in the slightest. They moved her arms and legs and put the exhibitionist costume on her like she was a life-size dress-up doll.

They placed her shapely breasts in the costume’s holes. It wasn’t just smaller than her real costume - it was made of a much stretchier material too. That meant it squeezed the base of her breasts, pushing them out more.

“Kh, ahhh.”

A maid’s hand reached below her bare crotch and grabbed the end of the strap hanging from above her butt. Other maids parted her butt cheeks and labia. The strap was tugged hard to wedge it deep inside so her every movement would rub at her anus, vaginal entrance, and clitoris.

“Nhh.”

A moan escaped from between her clenched teeth. Having complete strangers messing with that part of her anatomy was unpleasant. Ordinarily, no one would feel any pleasure from it. Even if they were a masochist, they would still need to trust their dom to enjoy it.

But Flare had been created by a mad scientist and her artificial erogenous zones would feel great pleasure no matter who was touching them. She hated that fact so much.

The strap wedged between her labia was forcibly attached to the button below her navel.

“Ahh!”

It was fixed in place while pressing hard against the most sensitive part of her body. The stimulation made her hips move, which caused the strap to torment her anus and vaginal entrance as well, sending a tingling surge of pleasure through her.

Snow Wing explained the situation to her during the humiliating ordeal, just as Storyteller had commanded. The Dark Arena was a superheroine sex show put on for an audience of criminals. A group of four heroes had already had their bodies controlled by Storyteller and had been raped on stage countless times already. The restraining Kotodama prevented them from revealing this to the male Justice Circus members. And they had been forced to lay a trap for the Thunderclaps to get some new “performers”. She explained it all while writhing in pleasure from the rings on her nipples and clitoris.

Her tone periodically jumped or dropped drastically and her breasts jiggled with her heavy breathing. Her erect nipples and enlarged clit twitched within the confines of the rings.

Flare was more furious and enraged by how Snow Wing’s body had been modified to satisfy someone’s sick desire than she was with the shocking truths being explained to her. Those bodily modifications reminded her a little too much of how her own body had been designed to meet Doctor Disorder’s tastes.

(I will make them pay! I swear I will make Storyteller and everyone involved in the Dark Arena pay!)

Her face was dyed red by anger more than embarrassment when one of the maids spoke for the first time.

“You are dressed, so you must appear onstage.”

The maids guided Flare out of the room and down the hallway. She didn’t even bother trying to resist this time. She needed to know more about her enemy if she was to fight them. She would get a good look at those villains’ faces before she gave them a taste of justice.

The sweet stimulation of the strap digging into her crotch distracted her as she tried to walk as normally as possible. It almost looked like she was the master and the maids were her servants.

A dejected Snow Wing followed after her, shoulders and wings drooping.

 

Cheers spiraled down from above.

Flare was taken away from Snow Wing partway down the corridor and placed alone on a narrow platform. A square hole opened in the ceiling and the platform began to rise. The place had a legit stage, including a stage lift. But the area through the opening was completely dark.

The rising platform entered the dark square and Flare’s upper body passed through the ceiling. That was precisely when a blinding light shined on her and loud cheers rumbled from all around.

“We have a packed house tonight and I assure you you will not be disappointed! Tonight’s star is Flare of the Thunderclaps!”

Two spotlights shined in from the darkness beyond the stage. One shined on Flare as she emerged from the floor, making sure everyone could see her embarrassing state of dress.

The other one shined on a strange man. He wore all white with an oversized bowtie and a white plastic mask. He was speaking into a glittering gold microphone. He had to be Milk Crown, the masked announcer for the Dark Arena that Snow Wing had mentioned.

“Thanks to all of your loving support, we are pleased to announce the birth of the Neo Dark Arena tonight. We plan to bring you much bigger shows with more plentiful equipment where everything is lewder and obscener. And to start the Neo Arena on the right foot, we are presenting you with back-to-back battles by Flare, who is known as the current strongest heroine in Japan!”

Loud cheers, filthy jeers, and obscene catcalls were shouted at Flare from the darkness all around the stage. She chose not to react and simply stared straight at Milk Crown.

“Now, please enjoy the Neo Dark Arena!”

The darkness was swept away as countless lights illuminated the luxurious facility.

The large bowl-shaped space matched the arena name. The circular stage was at the very bottom and the audience seating rose diagonally in all directions around that. To make it look like the Roman Empire’s Colosseum, the walls, pillars, and other decorations all appeared to be made of stone. The actual Colosseum hadn’t had a circular ceiling, but it was still decorated with an intricate Roman-style mosaic. According to Snow Wing, it had been secretly constructed below a desert island on the Pacific Ocean.

The plentiful audience seating was crammed full of more than a thousand humans or near-humans. They were all infamous criminals. And most of them were Offbeats. She saw a simple bank robber who used his superhuman strength to break into the vaults, a terrorist bomber who could make his own body explode, an industrial spy who could transform, a cyborg assassin, and a teleporting kidnapper. She even saw the leaders of some well-known criminal organizations in nicer seats separated from the rest of the riffraff.

Around a third of them were monsters whose bodily structures had left human standards behind. There were even some Flare herself had defeated and handed over to the police. For this many to gather like this, there may have been some truth to the rumor among superheroes and the police that Offbeat criminals had a secret bar where they traded information.

Over 2000 ordinary human eyes, optical sensors, creepy compound eyes, and mysterious organs at the end of tentacles were all glinting with carnal desire as they stared down on the stage. The criminals’ burning gazes were focused on the superheroes lined up on the stage.

Flare looked behind her and gasped.

Seven of her colleagues – other women who fought for what was right – had been placed in a humiliating position. Star Thunder, Silver Bullet, Rose Device, Madam Scroll, Cemetery, Ocelot, and Snow Wing were all wearing revealing outfits with their hands bound while they hung from the ceiling by chains. Flare had never met Cemetery before, but Snow Wing had filled her in.

The seven warriors all made muffled statements when they saw Flare. They all had ball gags, so none of them got out anything intelligible.

Storyteller stood next to swaying Madam Scroll. His expressionless indifference to the announcer’s yelling and the crowd’s cheers made him seem like a ghost.

“To celebrate the completion of the Neo Arena, the glorious emperor of the Arena has blessed us with his presence for the very first time!”

Spotlights shined on a point on the ceiling. A section of the ceiling the size of a bus stuck down. A dark silhouette could be seen in the frosted glass window on the side. Storyteller moved for the first time, bowing just like Milk Crown did.

A stir ran through the crowd. All of the criminals were curious about the boss of the organization that had enslaved the superheroes who gave them so much trouble. They were all considering joining forces with this mysterious figure to reap the benefits.

Milk Crown waited for the crowd to quiet down before he raised his head and resumed speaking.

“Now, everyone. We will begin with Storyteller, earth’s most powerful Kotodama master, initiating our latest catch into the Dark Arena.”

The tattooed man stepped forward and stopped in front of Flare.

“Your body requires no modification. Your breasts and butt are plenty big already.”

“How kind of you to say.”

“You are also plenty lewd. No woman has ever been born with such a sexual body.”

“Shut up! What do you know!? I- ugh.”

Flare’s furious gaze wavered. A strange heat was growing inside her. Almost like all the blood in her veins had suddenly increased in temperature.

“Nh, nhh, is this…part of your Kotodama magic? Ahh!?”

The next thing she knew, her hands were on her breasts. She felt a clear change in how her breasts felt. They had already had their volume increased by the costume squeezing them at the base, but now they were even more firm and hot. Sweat had formed on them, causing them to glitter beautifully in the light.

The strap wedged between her labia also felt bigger than before. She could have sworn it had doubled in thickness and her hips started wiggling on their own.

Storyteller watched the superhero squirm while he tore off the golden rings hanging from his belt. They were identical to the ones attached to Snow Wing’s most sensitive parts.

“I offer your lusty body the gift of these rings. They are sex toys created with the sexual arts of Ancient Babylonian court magicians. They are perfect for you. I will place them on your nipples, so hold out your naughty breasts for me.”

“Ah, ahh, damn you.”

Flare’s upper body moved against her will. Her arms moved behind her back and she pushed out her large chest. The erect nipples at the tips of the mounds were quivering as if to seduce this hated enemy.

Fingers like dried twigs brought the rings toward her nipple. She tried to twist her body away from the sex toy, but she could not break free of the submissive pose.

“Stop! Ahh!”

He skillfully pushed the two rings onto her nipples with his hands. They were on deep enough to be embedded in the areolae.

“Eek! Ah, ahhhhh!”
She thought her breasts were going to explode. Some kind of magic sent waves of violently intense pleasure out from the golden rings. The waves bounced through her breasts like they were being massaged from the inside.

“Ugh, dammit.”

She grabbed the rings and tried to pull them off.
“Ghh! Ahhhhh!”

Some kind of magic prevented the rings from budging. Instead, they only sent out an even more powerful wave of pleasure that nearly made her fall to her knees.

“Ahhh!”

A tattooed finger grabbed her crotch strap and tugged up hard. The strap dug just as hard into her vulva, forcing her to stay on her feet.

While she stood there stiffly, the hook came free from the button on her costume. Storyteller pulled three golden balls from his pants pocket. They were about the size of large marbles and they had a hole through the center.

He passe the hook through them each in turn and let them adorn the strap splitting her crotch. He had clearly done this before because he instantly got the golden balls between her labia where they would keep her vulva spread open.

“Ahh, ah, ahhhhh!”

They three balls ended up so perfectly on her anus, vagina, and clitoris that she assumed there had to be some kind of magic inside them. He reattached the hook to the button, fixing the strap in place.

Several holograms appeared in the air overhead. One showed her face frowning from the unwanted pleasure, one showed her nipples squeezed tightly inside the golden rings, and one showed her crotch holding the three golden balls. The way half of each ball stuck out from her labia was shown off to Flare herself, the other heroes, and the criminals filling the audience.

The unimaginably humiliating sight made her cry out in sorrow.

“How can you do something so- ahhhh!”

Without warning, the three golden balls started to rotate. One moving sphere dug into her anus, spread it open, and rubbed at the flesh within.

“E-eek!”

The middle ball tugged at the flesh around it, sending a distorted vibration into her vagina.

“Ahh, ah, ahn, s-stop, ahhh!”

The last one rotated at alternating intensities while seeming to squash the sensitive flesh pearl below it.


“Ahn, khh, ahh, stop this, ahhh!”

Flare had never felt anything like this stimulation to those three points at once, so she couldn’t even stay standing. Storyteller’s words had left her body all fired up, so the rings and balls mercilessly filled her with pleasure. Her hips gave out and she fell to her hands and knees on the stage.

On all fours, she shook her breasts and lifted her exposed butt toward the audience while wiggling it every which way.

She looked just like Snow Wing when she was first been placed on the Dark Arena’s stage. In fact, the love juices being splattered by the rotating golden balls and projected as a zoomed-in hologram was even worse than during Snow Wing’s first performance.

But Flare was in no state to even consider the audience’s eyes on her. The pleasure attacked her with perfect variations in strength, never giving her any chance to rest, and bringing her body to unseen heights.

“Ah, ahh, much more of this and I-I’ll…”

The unwanted carnal climax was fast approaching. She was not pleasuring herself and she was not sharing her love with someone else. She was being made into a show for her enemies and brought to climax by lifeless and mindless tools. That was a horrific humiliation, but her body was a slave to those sexual arts and it approached that climax whether she liked it or not.

Without thinking, she even spoke aloud the pressure she felt.

“Ah, ahhh, my boobs, my boobs!”

Her breasts responded to the sexual rings on her nipples and she felt a great pressure growing within them. The continued pleasure had caused milk to be secreted inside them. The milk was traveling from the center of the breasts to the milk ducts leading to her nipples, much like the testicles supplying semen to the vas deferens. Just like a man’s ejaculation, the milk would erupt from her erect nipples when she climaxed.

“It’s going to come out. I-I’m going to shoot out my milk in front of more villains. Ahh, no, no, I can’t stop it!”

Flare cursed her body for succumbing to the forced pleasure and preparing to shoot that bodily fluid from her nipples.

“No, my miiiiilk!”

Her upper body jerked up so she sat up on her knees and arched her back. She trembled as orgasm approached, the breasts wearing the gold rings jiggled, and her hips carrying the golden balls thrusted back and forth. Her sweat and nectar splattered onto the floor.

Then something changed. Just as she felt the milk reaching her nipples, the two sex rings squeezed tight. They closed off her milk ducts to stop the milk just before it erupted out.

“Ahhhhh! It won’t come out! It won’t!”

She could not achieve a breast orgasm if they didn’t ejaculate. A vaginal orgasm would normally have still been an option, but the two pleasures were linked at the moment. She could not cum without this.

Unable to climax, she reached for the nipple rings to try and remove them.

“Hyahhhhhhh!”

An even greater wave of pleasure washed across her breasts. More milk was secreted and pushed out toward her nipples. But the increased pressure did not let it out. The sex rings continued to pour pleasure into her breasts, forcing more milk into them, but it never let any of it out.

“Ah, ahh, it won’t come out, ahhh, it won’t come out!”

She writhed as the pressure grew by the second. The inside of her breasts was going wild in its desire to shoot out that milk. She felt pain and maddening pleasure. Her breasts were being tormented with pleasure on the inside and out.

The demand for a breast ejaculation and for orgasm continued to grow as Milk Crown’s cheerful voice pushed into her ears.

“Take a look at this, everyone! One of Japan’s most famous superheroes is suffering right here on the stage. But what could be the cause? Flare is in fact suffering from her inability to achieve orgasm! Now turn your attention to the hologram!”

The hologram floating above the stage had been showing a real-time image of Flare, but now it switched to footage of her being violated by Damned Beetle’s bugs in the Justice Circus HQ. After ejaculating to Snow Wing’s blowjob, she had been stripped naked and forced to shoot out her milk a few times. Each time the footage showed the white liquid shooting from her nipples, cheers erupted from the audience.

“Can you believe it!? Flare has such a lewd body that she can’t cum without shooting milk from her nipples! She is in fact one of the horniest heroines we have ever had on our show! Not only does she have a penis, but she might as well have two more on her tits!”

Flare continued to moan as the announcer’s cheerful scorn rained down on her. He was really getting into it now, so he called a new woman’s name.

“And speaking of milky nipples, let’s not forget a more familiar face here at the Dark Arena!”

Another image appeared next to Flare’s milk ejaculation scene. This one showed white liquid bursting from the nipples of a woman in her thirties.

“I’m sure you know where this is headed. The Neo Dark Arena’s show will be a match between Flare and the Justice Circus’s hottest mature lady, Madam Scroll!”

Two large men stepped up next to Madam Scroll who was suspended by a chain. They both wore white suits and black bowties and looked like bodyguards at an American casino. They swiftly unbound the Madam and dragged her over next to Flare.

She normally wore a sexy long dress, but her stage costume went past sexy and was downright indecent.

Her wine-red dress clung to her skin, revealing every last curve of her body. Worse, the front surface was made of a rough mesh. Her large breasts, smooth stomach, and mature lady parts showed through. Her skin was dyed a wine red, but it was all there for the criminals to ogle. The mesh was so widely spaced that her extra-large nipples poked right on through.

She stood there with cheeks flushed and Milk Crown’s mocking commentary crashed into her.

“Thanks to Storyteller’s Kotodama, Madam Scroll’s fine tits here also shoot out milk when she feels enough pleasure. Okay, everyone! Feast your eyes on a battle between two superheroes whose breasts have been transformed into mounds of lust!”

Storyteller approached Madam Scroll in her exhibitionist dress. Her face stiffened and he casually placed a pair of gold sex rings on her nipples.

“Ahn!”

A sensual cry of agony escaped her lips.

“Ahhh!”

Her breasts had already been bigger than Flares, but now they seemed to swell out and press tightly against the mesh. It looked like the soft flesh was about to spill out through the holes in the mesh.

The ring-equipped nipples trembled as they grew in length and thickness, pushing out even further from the mesh.

“Tell us what is happening to your breasts.”
“Th-they feel good. So good I can barely stay standing.” The Madam got out a damp voice in between her moans. “The milk is growing inside, so it feels like they are about to burst. Ahh, but it won’t come out. Ahh, it just won’t. I-it’s too much. The pressure is too great.”

“Now, I, Milk Crown, will be handing things off to the widow vampire we’ve come to love around here: Countess Cruel! A round of applause, everyone!”

Black smoke burst from the center of the stage with an almost silly-sounding poof. A crimson figure emerged with the theatrical movements of a stage magician.

That was Countess Cruel wrapped in a blood-red cape.

She appeared to be in her late thirties and she swept her eyes along the stands before pulling back her cape. A stir ran through the criminals.

She was not wearing her usual crimson dress below the cape. She showed off all of her pale skin that shined like it was covered in oil.

But while the heroes had their most important parts left exposed, her jiggling breasts were hidden by a bra shaped like a crimson bat and her crotch was covered by tiny bat-shaped panties.

It normally took a young woman to pull off that kind of lingerie and a woman her age would have been embarrassed to wear it, but the Countess’s glistening body was powerful enough that no other outfit could have done it justice.

“Ho ho ho ho ho ho. Welcome to the show, everyone. To start with, Flare and Madam Scroll will be receiving my baptism of blood.”

The Countess swept her cape like a rock star and approached Flare who was still on her knees.

“Ahh, wh-what are you doing?”
Flare clenched her fists, but just like with Storyteller and the maids, she couldn’t use any of her strength. Her body prevented her from resisting.

A chill ran down Flare’s spine when the Countess’s red lips parted to reveal sharp fangs. Even an artificial life created by a mad scientist could still feel the primal fear of a vampire.

“Prepare yourself, Flare-chan. I don’t want you dying on me.”

“S-stop! Eeeek!”

One fang sank into her right nipple. Her skin could deflect bullets, but that one thin fang easily pierced it. That may have been the vampire’s magic at work.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!”

She felt no pain. Instead, the sensation piercing her right breast was like having the pleasure center of her brain stripped raw and directly stroked.

“Ahhhhh! I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’m cummiiiiiiiiiing!!”

Flare subconsciously repeated the same phrase over and over, but the devil ring was still damming up her nipples and the climax never actually arrived. She soon switched to saying something else.

“Ahhh, no, I can’t cum, the milk won’t come out!”

Flare’s pleas were ignored as a cursed fang pierced her left nipple too.

“Agh, ah, eeeek!”

The same sensation erupted in her left breast this time. Pleasure on par with repeated orgasms swirled, raged, and burst within both her breasts. Nevertheless, climax eluded her. The desire to release her milk grew endlessly and filled her with anguish.

Her father Doctor Disorder had once prevented her breasts from ejaculating, but the pleasure and impatience this time was so much greater. The rings and the vampire magic gave her pleasure well above anything her father had designed her to experience.

She moaned and the vampire left her.

“Wait just a bit, Flare-chan. I’ll have more fun with you later. Ho ho ho ho.”

The vampire flipped her cape around and approached Madam Scroll, her niece with whom she shared the same family name. Countess Cruel and Madam Scroll’s real names were secretly Ryuengi Chiyoko and Ryuengi Yukie respectively. They belonged to the Ryuengi family that had passed down unique magical secrets since ancient times and Chiyoko was Yukie’s father’s older sister.

For generations, the Ryuengi family had tasked itself with secretly protecting people from the threats of wicked monsters and creatures. Chiyoko was the lone black sheep in the family dedicated to those pure ideals. The distinctions between good and evil – right and wrong – had been meaningless to her desire of gaining even greater power through her pursuit of magical knowledge.

After producing countless victims, she had wed a vampire, earned an eternal life of darkness, and then slaughtered her own husband. She became the first former-human in the long history of vampires to kill her pure-blooded master.

“Come to me, Yukie-chan. Let’s enjoy another night together.”

“Ahh, ahhhh.”

The aunt bit both the nipples sticking out through the mesh dress. The niece’s head tilted back, revealing her pale neck.

“Ahh, nhhh, ah!”

The Countess raised her head with a white liquid dripping from her fangs. That was the milk that had escaped past the binding rings.

The nipples trembled and grew as if trying to pursue the fangs pulled from them.
“Ahhh, my nipples are growing again.”

Those nipples had fallen victim to these toxic fangs several times before, so they reacted very sensitively to the magic. They quickly grew to the size of a child’s penis. The breasts as a whole also grew a size larger and sagged heavily. With the exit sealed off, the milk swirled inside them, agonizing Madam Scroll.

“You both want to let that milk out so badly, don’t you? Flare-chan, you are just dying to shoot that milk out all over the stage, aren’t you? Madam Scroll, you want to cum while letting out all the milk weighing you down, don’t you? Ho ho ho ho. Look at this.”

The vampire widow opened her red lips and stuck out her long tongue. The narrow, pointed tip had a golden ring on it. She moved her tongue to let the ring glitter with the saliva coating it.

It was unclear how she could talk with her tongue sticking out, but her voice was unchanged.

“Put this ring on your finger and you can remove the rings on your nipples. Then you can enjoy all the sweet, sweet orgasm your heart desires. However, I have just the one ring and I will grant it to whoever kisses me first, so try your hardest to win, okay?”
“Shut up. I don’t want your help!” shouted Flare with sweat soaking her face.

The sex balls at her crotch continued to torment her and her breasts still felt ready to pop. Even so – no, therefore – she could not give a villain what they wanted just to achieve climax.

“Ho ho ho ho ho ho. Yes, the girls always are feistier their first time. But, Flare-chan, here is what happens if you don’t make a real effort to win.”

The hologram overhead displayed a city bus turning at some intersection or another. It stopped at the bus stop and a few office workers and college students boarded on their way home. It was a perfectly ordinary scene.

“Look carefully.”

The Countess snapped her fingers and the bus’s right headlight broke. The driver noticed the oddity and stopped the bus, got out, and inspected the light.

“We blew out the light with a remote-controlled explosive device. If you don’t take this seriously, you will be forced to see the bus explode in the middle of Tokyo.”

“Nonsense. You can’t fool me with a bluff like that.”

“You’re free to assume it’s only a bluff if you want, Flare-chan.”

“Ugh…but.”

Flare hesitated and Madam Scroll spoke up.

“We have no choice. The Dark Arena always makes good on their threats. Our pride and dignity aren’t as important as people’s lives, are they?”

“But this is so embarrassing.”

“We are superheroes, remember?”

The vampire interrupted the two heroines’ conversation.

“That’s the spirit. If you do not take the ring from me in the next ten minutes, that bus will explode. You can use your Offbeat powers while pursuing me, so try to catch up.”

The Countess pulled her ringed tongue back into her mouth, spread out her cape, and transformed it into crimson bat wings. With a single flap of those wings, the half-naked vampire was soaring high above the Neo Arena.

The heroines exchanged a nod and Flare took flight with her cape and insufficient skirt fluttering behind her. Madam Scroll threw a scroll into the air and then rode the unfurled old paper like Sun Wukong on his cloud.

“Ugh.”

“Ahn.”

A hot, heavy shock reverberated through their breasts. The rings vibrated at the tips of those four jiggling mounds and provided fresh pleasure. The milk inside went wild, trying to force open their blocked nipples.

“Ho ho ho. That’s more like it. This should be fun.”

The Countess laughed loud in the air and Flare flew after her like a comet.

Magic scrolls rushed toward the vampire from all sides.

The pleasure and impatience felt on the inside and outside of their breasts caused Flare and Madam Scroll’s focus to flag and they only just barely kept themselves from falling back to the floor.

“Ho ho ho. Now what if I do this?”
A scroll unfurled from the Countess’s left hand. While Madam Scroll’s were made of paper, this was a cursed scroll made of tanned human skin and written with human blood.

The gruesome scroll transformed into a swarm of red bats and split apart in midair.

“Whoa!?”

The red bats flew toward Flare’s upper body and obeyed the dark art that created them by attacking her nipple rings and crotch balls with their tiny fangs and claws.

“Ahh, ah, ahhhh!”

Each time a bat touched one of the rings, a tingling ran through her breasts. Each time they struck the golden balls, it changed their angle as they rotated. The new stimulation raced up her spine and muddied her mind.

“Ah, ahh, no!”

Flare lost her balance. And crashed head first into the stands with the red bats still swarming her. The crash made the bats take flight.

“Ah, ahhn!”

The audience fled out of the way before she crashed, but then the Offbeat criminals gathered around to peer at her with their masked or unusual faces. She was extremely arousing with her tits and pussy not covered by her white costume and with the golden sex toys attached. Plus, her breasts glistened with sweat and love nectar dripped from between her spread legs to wet the seat.

It was normally forbidden for the Dark Arena’s audience to lay a hand on the heroes during a show, but a few of the criminals couldn’t resist with Flare this close and reached out toward her.

“Get your filthy hands off me!” desperately shouted Flare, knocking the criminals’ hands away and flying back up toward the crimson wings near the ceiling. But the red bats started swarming her and teasing her again.

“Kh, ah, nh, ahn, ahh!”

This time, they tormented her entire body, completely disorienting her. Pleasure erupted all over her body as a torturous experience that threw off her sense of direction and she couldn’t even keep track of which way she was pointed in the air. The only reason she didn’t crash into the stands again was due to the lift provided by the bats grabbing at her costume.

“I-If I can’t do this, that bus will explode.”

Several bats stopped on her face and covered her vision with their overlapping wings. The flapping of their wings and their high-pitched voices blocked her sense of hearing too. With her eyes and her ears taken from her, only the carnal pleasure melting her body remained to fill her senses.

“Ah, ahh, no, all those people are going to die…I have to stop it!”

“Time’s up.”

The bats covering her view scattered and the Countess’s icy smile appeared in front of her.

“Th-the bus?”

“Only you ran out of time. See?”

The Countess stuck out her tongue while she talked, revealing the lack of a ring on the tip.

“You lost, Flare-chan. Madam Scroll saved the bus.”

“I see. So you set it up from the beginning so I would lose.”

“Oh? Are you implying Madam Scroll and I were colluding against you?”
“I know the Madam wouldn’t do that. You did it on your own.”

“Ho ho ho ho. The rules are the rules.”

The vampire grabbed Flare’s shoulders, flapped her crimson wings, and carried the powerless hero to the stage.

Once back on the stage, a pair of bowtie men took her arms and pulled them behind her back. The men must have been martial artists because they neatly locked all her joints. That said, they were ordinary humans, not Offbeats. Normally, Flare could have broken free without even trying, but they were more than enough to restrain her now.

Madam Scroll was already in the hands of similar men on the other side of the stage, but a ring glittered between her charming lips.

The Countess casually pulled the ring from Madam Scroll’s lips.

“Shoving the ring onto me was cheating.”
“The rules never forbade it. You should thank me for so kindly letting you release your milk. However, I will be deciding where you do it.”

“Where? What are you- oh.”
The men holding Madam Scroll’s arms began to walk. They forced her forward and toward Flare.

“Wh-what is- nhh.”

“-the meaning of this? Ahh.”

Flare and the Madam’s nipples touched. The sensitive nipples rubbed together, sending an electric tingle through them. They both trembled, which actually rubbed their nipples together harder, increasing the tingle to a surge.

“Nhh.”

“Khh.”

“Ho ho ho. You don’t have time to play around.”

The Countess grabbed Flare’s nipples and held them in place. Her sharp nails poked into the tips and forced the milk ducts open. Flare cried out as a horrifying possibility occurred to her.

“Y-you can’t be serious!”

“Ho ho ho ho ho. Do it.”

Madam Scroll was shoved further forward.

“S-stop. Stop, ahh!”

The Madam’s child-penis-sized erect nipples were inserted into Flare’s widened milk ducts. The sensation caused the ducts to squeeze tight, but they could not push out what was inside them. Instead, they held the thick tips of the Madam’s nipples in place. With the Madam’s supernaturally enlarged nipples inside them, the tips of Flare’s nipples grew more than twice their original size. This was only possible thanks to the artificial body tissues developed by that genius scientist.

The unusual sensation of having her nipples spread wide from within made Flare’s teeth chatter.

Madam Scroll’s nerves were driven mad more by the abnormality of having her nipples inside another woman’s nipples than by the actual sensation of having them squeezed.

“Please let go. Please stop this. Ahhh!”

“Eeeek!”

The four men pushed hard on their backs. Madam Scroll’s nipples slowly pushed further inside Flare.
“Ah, nh, khh. Th-they’re going in.”

“N-no, ahh, they’re going inside, nooo!”

The Madam’s nipples even passed the point being squeeze tight by the magic rings. The tips moved into the actual breast below the areola. Also, the devilish rings holding in the Madam’s milk entered Flare too. Their areolae pressed together and were buried between their breasts.

“Ah, ahhh, th-they’re so big! The Madam’s nipples are too big! They’re breaking! Eek, my boobs are breaking!”

“Khh, ahh, Flare’s nipples are squeezing so much. Ahh, it’s so tight! Nhh, you’re crushing my nipples!”

The young hero and older hero writhed and twisted from the unfamiliar pleasure of their nipples practically having sex with each other.

“Khh, d-don’t move! Don’t rub our boobs together!”

“Ahh, ahn, the way you rub my nipples is too much!”

Their movement ended up tormenting each other even more and their desire for milky release grew. Flare had the magic balls to worry about, but Madam Scroll’s pussy was just as wet despite being untouched. The nectar could be seen dripping to the floor through the wine-red mesh.

The Countess’s red lips twisted into a crescent moon as she watched the two of them.

“Madam Scroll, I grant you permission to release your milk.”

The two tit-linked heroes cried out simultaneously.

“Stop! You can’t loosen the rings now!”

“I would release it all inside Flare. Please, aunt. Don’t use the ring now. Don’t make me release my milk.”

The vampire widow’s laughter sent a chill down even the villainous audience’s spines. It was a devilish laugh. Even a mineral man made of stone felt goose bumps on his solid body.

“But that was everything you wanted just a bit ago.”

“I can’t cause Flare any more suffering. Please. If you want revenge against the Ryuengi family for turning you to ash, then only torment me.”

The niece’s desperate plea fell on deaf ears.

“Ho ho ho. I never wanted anything as trite as revenge. I just want a show that can amuse me.”

“Please don’t do this! Ahh!”

Madam Scroll’s right index finger was twisted upwards so the gold ring could be placed on it. The rings squeezing the bottom of her enlarged nipples both loosened. The milk gathered within her breasts prepared to leave as a pair of torrents.

“Ahhhh, no, it’s coming out!”

Madam Scroll gathered all her willpower to try and stop it, but her body was well past its limit. There was no fighting it.

“I can’t stop it! Ahh, I can’t stop it!”
She shook her mature upper body side to side like a frustrated young child. Her enlarged breasts shook along with that, but she failed to pull her nipples out of the flesh squeezing them so tightly.

“Flare, please forgive me for this. Ahhh, it’s coming out! Ahh, I can’t stop it! It’s flowing out!”

Thanks to the pressure from Flare’s tight milk ducts, the milk could not come out right away. But that only meant it tormented Madam Scroll for longer.

Finally, the milk reached the exit at the tip.

“Ahhh, it’s flowing out! I’m cumming! My boobs are cumming!”


Breast milk erupted from the tips of the nipples sticking deep inside Flare’s breasts.

“Ahhhhhh! It’s filling my boobs! Eeeek!!”

Flare’s breasts were already stopped up and packed full of milk, but now someone else’s milk was flowing into them. The pressure that hit her was too much for her to even speak coherently.

“Nooo, please, khh, please no, stop!”

“It won’t stop! Ahh, I can’t stop it! Ahh, it’s still coming out!”
Flare’s breasts really did feel like they were going to burst now. Her desire to release the milk and achieve climax grew further and further. But the rings would not allow it.

Madam Scroll’s milk ejaculation stopped after ten or so seconds. Afterwards, her head slumped down onto Flare’s shoulder.

“Ahh…forgive me…nhh.”

“Let me-”

Flare was about to ask to have her milk released too, but she bit her lip to stop herself.

(I want to do it. I’m dying to let this milk out. But I can’t say that now.)

“Eek!”

She felt a new sensation in her breasts. The men holding Madam Scroll’s arms were shaking her back and forth. Her enlarged nipples began to move back and forth inside Flare’s narrow milk ducts.

“No, please stop! I don’t want to cum any more! Ah, ahh!”

Madam Scroll could not keep up with the sensations since the action was being forced onto her and her breasts began to devour the new pleasure like they had a mind of their own. Flare was still suffering from the need to release all that milk, but the Madam felt only pleasure now.

“Ahh, ahhhh, o-oh, no.”

The stimulation to her enlarged nipples caused them to grow hard again inside Flare’s breasts. They widened Flare’s nipples from within and her breasts squished against Flare’s milk-filled ones, causing the younger hero to scream each time.
“Eek, ahh, nh, w-wait! Th-they’re going to burst!”

Each time the erect nipples were pulled out, the inside of Flare’s nipples was pulled outwards, exposing the part closest to the tip to the air. After the enlarged nipples were pulled almost all the way out, they were pushed back in until their areolae squished together. Each thrust made the Madam’s milk flow and spray out, getting on their breasts, their faces, and their stomachs.

Madam Scroll’s face was already melted below the white drops dripping down it. More and more flashes of pleasure burned in the back of her mind, making her think things she wouldn’t dare say.

“Ah, nhh, I-I…I…”

The forced pleasure was tearing down her barrier of reason.

“I…”

The forbidden words finally raced up her throat and out from her lips.

“I love this!”

“Madam, ahh.”

Flare groaned in sorrow.

This was Flare and the rest of the Thunderclaps’ first time at the Dark Arena. Snow Wing and Cemetery had been raped here for a month now. But Madam Scroll and Silver Bullet had received the Dark Arena’s training for more than three months. Madam Scroll’s breasts had been thoroughly remade by Storyteller, so they were melting in ordinarily impossible levels of pleasure.

She had undergone harsh magical training and survived countless fierce battles as a superhero, but this carnal pleasure corrupted her like a drug. After the first milk ejaculation, the fearsome weight of her breasts dragged one of Japan’s greatest sorcerers down into an endless hell.

“Yes, it feels so good, my boobs feel so good!”

Once she shouted her pleasure out loud, the men released her. She failed to notice that fact and continued moving her body. She nipple-fucked Flare’s breasts as her own desire led her.

“Ahh, yes! Forgive me, Flare.”

“Madam, ahn, wait, keep this up and – ahh – I’ll go crazy. Nhh.”

“I’m sorry, but I can’t stop. Ahn, I can’t. I can’t control myself anymore. Ahh, more milk is coming out!”

“Wait, no! Ahhh!”

Flare writhed as she once more felt that horrifying sensation attacking her breasts. She had thought her breasts were already filled to the limit, but fresh milk was now injected into them. The internal pressure grew even further, pushing her to new heights of agony and pleasure.

“Ahh, noo, I’ll die! I’ll really die! Eeek!”

Flare’s cry of despair was joined by a cry of ecstasy from Madam Scroll.

“I’m cumming! I’m cumming again! My boobs are cumming!!”

The Madam did not stop moving even when her second milk ejaculation was complete. She continued nipple-fucking Flare to reach a third ejaculation and climax.

“No, you’re pushing inside my boobs again!”

“I’m cumming! More milk is flowing out while I cum!”

Madam Scroll only pulled her nipples out of Flare’s nipples after her fifth milk ejaculation.

She collapsed satisfied onto the stage and Flare stared down at her with dead eyes. Her pride as a superhero and hatred toward the villains had both been erased from her mind. She could only think about how badly she wanted to get all this milk out of her breasts.

She turned her blurry vision toward Countess Cruel and began an endless stream of begging.

“P-please, I beg you. Let it out. Let this milk out of me. Out of my boobs. Ahh, please let all this milk out of me. Please. Nh, nh. The milk. Please.”

“Very well. If you promise to participate in the second round, I will grant your request.”

The vampire’s voice carried an icy smile and Flare nodded vigorously on simple reflex.

“I-I promise. I promise anything. Ahn, please hurry.”

“Don’t you dare go back on your word.”

She took Flare’s right hand and placed a golden ring on the index finger.

“Eeeeeeeeeeek!”

Two white streams erupted from Flare’s nipples. Her legs trembled and she arched her back before falling onto her ass. The milk shot straight up as two white fountains that splashed back down onto her body.
“I’m cumming, cumming, cumming, cumming, cummiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!!!”

She was engulfed by a breathtaking orgasm and writhed in her own milk while so many people watched on.




 

Intermission 3

 

The place was a mechanical labyrinth.

Strange metal blocks as large as a house were arranged in a vast underground space with countless tubes, pipes, and cords running between them like spider webs.

Two people crawled swiftly through an air duct surrounding that silent mechanical jungle. They were both old men wearing tight-fitting black shirts and pants. They were Kashima Kengo and Nanjou Shuhei.

Shuhei was in the lead with night vision goggles on.

“I never thought I would still be crawling through the ducts of a villain’s secret base at this age,” he complained. “The idea was to have a nice relaxing retirement only dealing with ordinary gangs and loan sharks. By the way, Kengo.” Shuhei spoke to the other former hero crawling along behind him. “Do those machines down there look familiar to you?”
“Yes, they very much do,” Kengo responded toward Shuhei’s muscular butt. “They look a lot like the ones built by Professor Beyond. These are just on a much larger scale.”

They both pictured that genius scientist’s bizarre appearance in their heads. Professor Beyond was an infamous Offbeat criminal.

He had originally been an eccentric but harmless scientist researching a matter transporter. Tragedy had struck when he had placed himself on the specimen table for the transporter’s final test. Something humanity still couldn’t explain had occurred, the scientist had vanished from the transmission pod, and he had never arrived at the reception pod.

One year and two months later, an aurora appeared above Tokyo and the scientist suddenly returned from somewhere else.

He had been fused with something else while there and his personality had been as distorted as his body. He had become Professor Beyond, a cruel Offbeat who committed crime after crime using his transportation technology.

The Justice Circus led by Captain Sky and even Mister Unfair had battled Professor Beyond on many occasions.

“Look, just as I suspected.”

Someone in a lab coat was making careful adjustments to one of the machine blocks visible through a slit in the air duct. Where you might expect a human head, something like a gelatinous orb shining with a slimy light sat above the lab coat’s collar.

Professor Beyond suddenly turned to the right, revealing a humble but proud look on his actual face visible through a hole in the lab coat’s chest. The monster professor turned toward a thick curtain that presumably had someone behind it.

“Rejoice, my emperor. The final adjustments are complete. Give the word and the device will be activated.”

Shuhei and Kengo exchanged a glance and whispered to each other after hearing that.

“His emperor? That’s weird.”

“It is. Beyond would hire people, but he never worked with any kind of partner. I can’t imagine such an arrogant man would actually work for someone else.”

“Who is this emperor?”

“About those machines down there,” said an old woman’s voice from behind Kengo. “They aren’t just a transporter system. I would like to check on something regarding that if you don’t mind.”

“Can you tell me something first?” Shuhei kept his voice low. “We left you to wait for us where it was safe, so what are you doing here?”

“You really need to learn to not sweat the small stuff, Shu-chan.”

Her cheerful and graceful voice flowed down the duct of a villain’s secret base.