Thunderclaps 2: Chapter 6 - Abnormals Assemble
“Behold this polluted ocean! You surface people are now an enemy of my kingdom.”

(1967, declaration of war sent to the Japanese government by Lord Abyss of the Undersea Kingdom)

To avoid war, a battle was fought between seven of the Undersea Kingdom’s warriors and a team of superheroes

 

“Miki-san, I won’t ask that you forgive us.”

“But we had no choice.”

The two Justice Circus women wore their superhero costumes just like Miki did.

Madam Scroll wore a dark purple evening dress which did not look conducive to combat. The low-cut chest and deep slits gave her a mystical beauty befitting one of Japan’s leading sorceresses as well as a sexiness befitting the Dark Arena.

Silver Bullet wore a shining silver bodysuit with a black lightning bolt running across it. The skintight fit showed off the curves of her athletic body, but that only inspired lust while in this indecent space. The talisman rings around her neck, arms, and thighs only enhanced her sexiness.

“We have been forced to participate in the Dark Arena for a while now. But Storyteller told us we cannot let anyone outside of the Dark Arena learn of its existence.”

“If anyone does sniff out its secrets, we were ordered to immediately capture them. You should know now that there is no disobeying Storyteller. But neither of us has given up. We will break free.”

Japan’s fastest woman then turned toward Milk Crown.


“We’ll take her place and take care of that box of scraps.”

But the white mask did not turn away from the stands and continued speaking into the shiny golden mic.

“What’s this? A surprise appearance from the Justice Circus! But unfortunately, the ball gag is rigged to immediately explode if anyone other than Snow Wing joins the fight. Such a devious trap!”

“You monsters!” roared Silver Bullet.

Miki nodded.

“If only I can do this, then I will fight.”

“Then take this!”

The cyborg’s mechanical voice was followed by the resonance vibration.

“Okay, get flying.”

Silver Bullet’s boot moved too fast to see and kicked Miki in the ass. Miki was launched into the air and the vibration hit Silver Bullet instead of her.

“Child’s play.”

Silver Bullet rotated her right arm at superspeed, quickly creating a fierce vortex of air that negated the vibration wave.

Meanwhile, Miki descended in front of Shino behind Resonator.

“Nanjou-san, I’ll save you now, so- ahh.”

The jolt of her feet touching the floor reverberated in the clit ring.

“Nhh, nhhh.”

That was enough for thick nectar to drip from the hole that had climaxed twice without anyone touching it. She collapsed with her arm still reaching out toward Shino.

After falling onto her butt, she took a look down at her body, finding the ring-stimulated nipples and clit had grown even bigger and harder. The rings dug into them even more and she let out a voice that was equal parts gasp and moan.

“Ahh, no…I’ll never be able to live a normal life again. No, I need to focus on rescuing Nanjou-san.”

She leaned forward and grabbed the white wood of the cross Shino was crucified on. Shino’s dangling body wobbled.

“Hhh! Gwohh!”

Using Shino’s groans as motivation, Miki clung to the girl’s right leg and pulled herself to her feet. She did her best to avoid stimulating the three rings as she moved, but they had been manufactured with a secret technique that caused them to provide endless pleasure even when entirely still.

“Nhh…kh…ahh.”

Even with all of her caution, her hips still ended up wiggling below her. Sweet nectar dripped down her inner thighs. It felt like it took hours before she managed to grab Shino’s shoulder and look at her face.

“N-Nanjou-san…it’s going to…be okay.”

Shino vigorously shook her head and shouted something that sent drool out past the ball gag.

“Ghhh! Agh, gah!”

“There’s nothing to worry abou- ahh!”

A cold, hard sensation dug into her exposed crotch and chest. Five metal fingers had grabbed her breasts and five more the soft flesh between her legs.

It looked like shining silver gloves had attached to her weak points. Resonator’s hands had detached from his arms and flown over here. The disturbing machines began to vibrate intensely, sending the vibration directly into her body.

“Eeeeeek!”

She clung to Shino. She placed her arms around the wood behind Shino and pressed her body against the younger girl like she did when embracing her beloved Captain Sky.

Miki’s enlarged breasts pressed and squished against Shino’s large-for-her-age ones through the black bustier. The mechanical hand whirred and vibrated between their chests, causing all four soft breasts to jiggle.

Miki unintentionally pressed her lower body against Shino while her hips moved back and forth. The vibrating metal hand pressed against the white panties below Shino’s sexy ultra-mini skirt and moved up, down, and all over her down there.

“Ghhh! Nh, ghhh…”

Shino did not have the rings, but the vibrator-like sensation still provided sexual stimulation. Even more drool dripped from the ball gag and a stain spread across her panties.

“Oghh! Nghhh! Hghhh!”

“Ah, ahh, ahhh…ahn…”

Their duet of groans and moans was given the passionate accompaniment of quieter metallic noises. The pleasure-enhancing rings on Miki’s nipples and clit clinked against the vibrating metal fingertips when they came into direct contact.

The sticky sound coming from Miki’s labia and vulva provided a nice accent.

“I need to hurry…the bomb…ahhn.”

Miki tried her best to remove the ball gag from Shino’s mouth, but the complex latch was too much for her pleasure-addled fingers.

“Ahhh, nh, no…I’m sorry, N-Nanjou-san.”

She sensed the waves of orgasm swelling up within her once more. The third climax, that acted as a countdown until Shino’s death, was fast approaching.

“No…I can’t…I mustn’t cum…ahhh!”

Her mind grew foggy and she pressed her exposed vulva even harder against the girl’s wet panties. The butt visible through the skintight bodysuit tightened and shook.

“I-I’m cummiiiiiiiiiing!”


Her third eruption of female nectar since arriving here passed between the cyborg’s fingers and soaked Shino’s panties. Her fluids flew like an ejaculation to reach the flesh-colored slit showing through the wet fabric.

“Nh, ghhh, gh!”

Shino was brought to a light climax along with Miki, so Shino’s own love juices mixed with Miki’s and dripped down to the floor between her spread legs.

A second pink skull appeared below the digital clock that showed a remaining time of 04:37.

Milk Crown’s laughing voice echoed through the arena.

“Now, who saw this coming!? Snow Wing has achieved climax again! Again! How can she be so heartless!? At this rate, the real question is whether she runs out of time first or orgasms a third time first! Either way, Mister Shadow’s daughter’s life is snuffed out!”

Red light shined from the wrists of the disembodied mechanical hands attached to Miki’s chest and crotch. However it worked, the red beams of light entered Resonator’s handless wrists where he stood in the center of the stage.

“Whoa!”
Miki was pulled backwards and away from crucified Shino. Her legs were too weak to support her so soon after climaxing, so she collapsed to the floor with her wings below her.

“Ahh, Nanjou-san! Nh, nhhh.”

Still writhing from the continued nipple and clit pleasure, she was dragged face-up along the stage.

Resonator roared with laughter to provide a better show for the audience.

“No need to wait until the time limit. I will end this right away.”

She stopped moving once her face was right between the cyborg warrior’s legs. She looked up with a film of sexual heat over her eyes and saw his crotch covered by a metal protector. Past that, he laughed down at her with wicked desire in his voice.

“Behold my greatest weapon!”

The protector folded to either side and his bare genitals emerged.

Emerged was the only appropriate word given its incredible size. It was well worth the pride he displayed. It was possible he had enlarged it with some form of biotech.

He slapped her cheek with the dark red head.

“Ugh…”

This new humiliation brought tears to her eyes.

“I prefer long, thorough blowjobs, but we’re short on time.”

He moved his shiny cyborg body between her legs and his erection locked onto her wet pussy like a missile.

The mechanical right hand still attached to her crotch spread the labia and nectar flooded out. He clearly saw the internal flesh trembling in response to the open air.

It was all filmed by a camera hidden somewhere and displayed in enlarged form in the air above the stage for the audience to see. They could all see how starved her body was thanks to the bonds of Storyteller’s words.

That part of her had been neglected. She had been brought to the three most powerful orgasms of her life, yet the most crucial part of her anatomy had gone untouched. Juices flowed from the spring within to shout its desire and beg for pleasure.

Her body’s shouts and desires tormented her. She was overcome by the desire to have the emptiness in her body filled. She was overwhelmed by the burning need for something to provide what she was missing.

A mere month before, she doubted she would have thought this way even if her body was altered and she was equipped with these pleasure rings. Back then, she had only ever had one partner and had only ever experienced awkward, vanilla sex, yet she had not considered herself to be lonely. She never would have noticed she was missing anything.

(But then I met him.)

The words flashed through her pleasure-scorched brain.

(I met Captain Sky.)

For a brief moment, that thoughtful man’s refreshing smile shined through the pleasure burning in her mind. She saw the look he had shown only to her.

“Kengo-san.”

“What’s that, your boyfriend’s name? My cock’ll make you forget all about him.”

The cyborg cackled as he poked the swollen penis head teasingly against the clit ring. The ring tormented her clitoris.

“Ahhh!”

Fresh pleasure exploded inside her. Hot nectar erupted from within her again, soaking the rapist’s entire erection. Her hips shook up and down with the mechanical hand along for the ride.

“Ahhhh, ahh…Kengo-san…”

“You’re one horny slut. Dream about your boyfriend while you still can.”

After making her squirm with a few more pokes of the ring, he pushed the hard head against her vaginal entrance. Her inner flesh stirred all on its own and clung to the head as it started to enter her.

“Here, you’ve been dying for this, haven’t you?”

“P-please no!”

She shook her head in horror, but her hips rose up against her will.

“When you’re this horny, you’ll probably cum the instant I shove it inside you. I’ll be killing your partner with my cock.”

The cyborg’s hips started to move forward.

“Nooo!”

In that exact moment, the two wings spread limply on the floor emitted a bright light. White light filled the entire stage, dazzling Shino, Silver Bullet, and Madam Scroll. While Milk Crown, Storyteller, and the audience couldn’t see, Resonator’s artificial vocal cords roared with anger.

By the time everyone in the Dark Arena regained their vision, they saw the cyborg warrior standing in the center of the stage with several glowing feathers piercing his thick metal chest.

“Nwohhhhhh!”

He roared in fury with his erection still standing tall. But he was not actually saying anything intelligible, like he was from a broken movie. His lips and tongue were no longer functioning.

“Gwohhhhhhoghzyxoiwernebttbsoidnvibuaofdbnogflajbwerkltjalbnvpiuhawbkj!!”

The arrows of extraterrestrial energy launched by the wings had destroyed the system that controlled his cyborg body. He could do nothing more than produce meaningless sounds.

“Oh, I-I need to hurry…nh.”

Miki moaned as she moved her wings and crawled on her back to extract herself from below Resonator’s crotch. Several thick and sticky strings connected her still-spread pussy to his motionless-but-still-erect cock.

“Khh, ahn.”

The rubbing of her back and butt on the floor caused the rings to throb.

Her legs threatened to give out if she relaxed her focus, but she managed to walk behind Shino and worked at the ball gag’s belt. The holographic clock had dropped below a minute. Shino’s groans were increasing in volume.

“Nhh! Nghhhh!”

She did not have time to undo the tightly-locked clasp.

“I’m sorry, but this is going to hurt.”

Praying that her Offbeat strength would work here, Miki forced her index fingers below the belt digging into Shino’s cheeks.

When she applied force, the belt snapped and she lost balance. The gag left Shino’s mouth along with a lot of drool and Miki landed hard on her butt. The impact raced through her lower body and into her enlarged clitoris. The ring did its thing.

“Ahhhh! I’m cumming, I’m cummiiiiiiiiiiing!!”

With this fourth climax, more love juices than she had known a single body could contain erupted from her. It squirted from between her spread thighs and got on Shino’s feet.

She had a blank look in her eyes after the consecutive orgasms, but she still managed to turn them toward the holographic digital clock. It had stopped at 00:03 and the third pink skull had not lit up.

“I…did it. Thank…goodness.”

Shino was still bound to the cross as she choked and then managed to speak to the superhero seated indecently in front of her.

“Thanks. That was impressive. Where did you find that much willpower?”

“Well…”

Miki blushed even redder and couldn’t get out an answer.

(How can I ever say it was because I didn’t want someone other than Captain Sky…no, than Kengo-san to put his thing inside me?)

“Hey, you! The white grinning fucker! Your little game is over, so get me down from here. You know I can’t do anything myself thanks to that Story asshole!”

Milk Crown answered Shino’s anger with a truly frightening announcement.

“Now, that ends our opening game!”

“Opening game!?” shouted Miki and Shino.

The chains holding Shino suddenly yanked her upwards and she rose toward the same hole in the ceiling she had originally lowered from.

“Nanjou-san.”

Miki spread her wings and tried to fly after her.

But four thick arms grabbed her shoulders from behind and pushed her to the floor. She looked back to see two large men in matching white suits with black bowties. They glared at her with the intimidating look of someone accustomed to threatening people.

She flapped her wings to escape the men who looked like fancy casino bodyguards, but the energy wings that had so easily defeated the cyborg warrior would not display their power. She really was powerless against anyone who Storyteller had not given her permission to fight.

The same thing was happening on the other side of the stage. Silver Bullet could launch superspeed punches and Madam Scroll could stop a rampaging tank with a single scroll, but they were easily restrained by identical uniformed men.

Even without their powers, they could have broken free with pure martial arts, but they were bound by Storyteller’s words and could not gather the strength needed to resist.

Resonator, who remained frozen in the center of the stage with his dick out, was pelted with jeers, raw eggs, and tomatoes from the disappointed audience. A few bodyguards lifted the filthy cyborg up and carried him away, getting hit by some of the thrown objects along the way.

“Now, let us enjoy the finest food and drink available while we wait for the gladiators to get changed.”

Miki, Silver Bullet, and Madam Scroll were taken backstage by the bodyguards. Shino was swallowed up by the hole in the ceiling, still unable to move.

 

“Um, excuse me. Please listen to me.”

Miki had made the request several times now, but they ignored her and continued their work in silence.

The bodyguards had taken the four of them to separate rooms they called dressing rooms. Once Miki was thrown in hers, she found five girls dressed like the maids seen in old movies.

The maids said nothing as they stripped the torn, sweaty, and nectary bodysuit and jacket from her body. Then they wiped all the stickiness from her with towels.

Every time the towels rubbed against her nipples or clit or the maids’ fingers brushed against them, the rings reacted, she moaned sweetly, and her body trembled. She wanted to die of shame each time.

Having women her own age see her like this was unbearably embarrassing. She would moan, twist her naked body around, and drip further love juices on her legs as they tried to wipe it away, but none of the maids showed any emotion on their face, which only enhanced her embarrassment.

She had spoken to them in the hopes of finding some clue toward escape, but they did not react. When she attempted to interfere with their work, they would grab at her arms or legs to keep her from moving. Storyteller’s bonds remained perfect.

She was helplessly dressed in a new costume.

“I-I can’t possibly wear this.”

She protested, but she was silenced by a flick to her nipples.

The new costume was another modification of her Snow Wing costume, but it was even more indecent than the last one.

The suit meant to be buttoned up in front of her chest was left open in front, making it a small black vest instead.

The sky blue bodysuit had two holes in the chest, leaving her enlarged breasts fully exposed. The suit squeezed at the base of those soft mounds, so they were drawn tight and made to look even bigger.

There was a vertical slit in the crotch, leaving her vulva bare. Even her anus would likely be visible if she spread her legs.

The only things that had not changed were the three rings attached tightly to her three most sensitive points. Her nipples and clit were stiff and throbbing, not allowed to relax for even a moment.

Once she was fully changed, the door opened without a knock and she frantically hid her breasts and vulva with her arms. Storyteller stepped in with a bowtie bodyguard.

“Time for the second game. Put this one.”

A tattooed hand shoved something black in her face. It was a leather dog collar. But unlike a normal collar, the clasp was a small lock with a keyhole in it.

“This? But I’m not a dog!”

She tried to escape, but the maids restrained her from behind. They held her arms and legs in place, making her feel like a bug in a bug collection.

“Don’t let it bother you. It is only a prop for the game.”

The collar was pressed against her throat. She heard the click as the lock engaged. Then a chain was attached to the collar, making her just like a pet dog.

“I have one more gift for you.”

Storyteller removed a black thread from his belt.

“This is a special product used exclusively to pleasure women.”

“What can a simple thread- eek!”

The thread was wrapped around her right nipple. With the ring attached so tightly to the enlarged nipple, the dark pink tip had swelled out somewhat. The thread was wrapped around the protruding tip so it could not be removed.

“Ah, ahhhh…”

A thin thread wrapped tightly around her sensitive nipple should have brought great pain, but neither her body nor the thread were normal right now. The thread added to the ring’s stimulation, tormenting her with intense pleasure. She writhed so much the maids had to hold her upright.

“Nhhh!”

With a tug on the thread, it wrapped around her left nipple as well. Storyteller had used the thread to connect the breasts he had enlarged with his words. They were pulled together, deepening the cleavage between them.

An even more frightening idea occurred to her, so she desperately pleaded him to stop.

“P-please no. I beg you to stop.”

“Oh? Your intuition serves you well.”

He expressionlessly used both hands to tug down on both ends of the thread dangling from her nipples. The two erect nipples were forced downwards.

“Hhhh, ah, s-stop…”

He must have had experience with this abnormal and delicate work because his fingers moved swiftly, operating the thread like a spider its silk. The two ends of the thread simultaneously attached themselves to the fully-exposed clitoris.

“Ahh…how could you?”
A black inverted isosceles triangle had been drawn out in front of her sky blue bodysuit. A single taut thread connected her nipples and clit, each one pulled hard toward the other two. Simply standing upright caused even greater stimulation than the rings.

“An excellent job, if I say so myself. You are sure to become the finest masterpiece of all my stories.”

Tattooed fingers plucked at the two longer sides of the isosceles triangle.

“Eeeeek!”

Miki screamed and her body stiffened. It felt like having hot pins pricking into her breasts and vulva and then wiggled around. But a moment later, that transformed to unbelievable pleasure that hit her in back-to-back waves.

“Ahh! Khh, ahhhhh!”

She couldn’t bear it. Her body writhed every which way in the embarrassing costume. The slightest movement caused the thread to tug on her sensitive parts and caused the rings to dig into those same parts, bringing new pleasure. She knew that, but she could not stop her body from moving. The wings stood tall behind her, the tips catching at the ceiling.

The sensation she had been feeling ever since the maids began stripping her grew even more powerful, sending her to even greater heights.

“Ahhhhhh! I’m cumming, I’m cummiiiiiiiiiiiiing!!”


She squirted on her feet, soaking the dressing room and the maids’ uniforms with her nectar. Several feathers scattered from her wings and floated through the room.

But Storyteller and the maids remained unfazed.

“Good. Now back to the stage.”

The large boulder of a man standing in front of the door attached a chain to her collar. Storyteller and the bodyguard stepped out into the hallway without any hesitation.

The tug on her collar made her take a step too.

“Kh!”

Just moving her right leg caused the pleasure triangle to strain and rattle her sensitive flesh so soon after climax.

“Ugh, I-I can’t walk…please remove this…I’m going to cum again.”

Her pleas fell on deaf ears.

“You have nothing to worry about. My story says your body can orgasm any number of times. Whether your mind can take it, I cannot say. Now hurry. Someone we prepared just for you is waiting on the stage.”

The strong bodyguard tugged hard on the chain, so she had no choice but to stagger out into the hallway.

“Ahh, nhh, kh.”

With every step she took, the thread twisted and her nipples and clit pulled at each other. The hot pleasure caused her face to tense and her wings to tremble.

“Ohh, ahh, ahh.”

Her feet carried her forward while sexually torturing her. Just as she thought she was going to cum before reaching the stage, Storyteller opened one of the doors along the hallway. After a few minutes, she heard a woman’s heavy breathing and cries as Shino was dragged out.

Miki gasped because the look on Shino’s face had not changed at all since they had been taken to the Dark Arena. In fact, it was exactly the same as when they had first met in Shibuya. She still had the resolute and mocking look of a young wolf.

But she could not keep the same suffering Miki felt from showing on the very edges of her expression. She was clearly being forced to feel unwanted pleasure.

Shino wore a black leather collar with a lock on the front just like Miki’s. Another bodyguard held the chain attached to it.

The small black leather jacket she wore had a tombstone drawn on it to indicate her alias of Cemetery, so that had to be her original.

The black bustier below it had been made more revealing, so it simply supported her bared breasts from below. It allowed her already-large breasts to push straight out from her chest. The front of her ultra-miniskirt was gone, leaving her vulva exposed just like Miki’s.

She also had identical accessories attached in the exact same places.

Her nipples and clitoris were swollen to bursting, they had rings long enough to call pipes shoved onto them, and an isosceles triangle of thread tied them all together.

The shape of it all was identical, but her rings were silver and the thread was scarlet. Miki knew firsthand what those dreadful accessories did to a woman’s body. Shino’s legs had a ton of nectar dripping down them, so she must have climaxed when the rings and thread were being attached.

Faced with the horrific sight, Miki forgot all about her own predicament.

“I’m so sorry, Nanjou-san. You’re only here because I brought you with me to the Justice Circus.”

“Stop repeating yourself. And you’re wrong about that.”

“Eh?”

“I’m the one that found their disk and dragged you into this. Perfume Rat had gotten himself involved in something big. I doubt the damn brat knew it, though. Ahh!”

“Ahn!”

With a hard tug on both their chains, Miki’s golden rings rubbed at her and Shino’s scarlet thread pulled on her.

“Ah, ahh…”
“Nhh, nhhh…”

With the pleasure items tormenting their weak points, they subconsciously leaned against each other, their large breasts pressing together.

“Ahh, N-Nanjou-san…”
“O-Ozora, nhh…”

They could clearly feel each other’s skin against their own tormented body. The human warmth was a pleasant contrast to the heartless stimulation of the sex toys. They knew this was only causing more pleasure, but they could not pull away. They leaned against each other as if lending each other their shoulder as they walked down the hallway.

“Ozora, lean more on me. I’ll support you.”

“Okay, Nanjou-san.”

Their shadows touched on the floor.

Miki noticed the floor change below her feet. The hard floor disappeared and she felt a floating sensation like when she was spreading her wings and hovering in the sky. The force of her steps was reduced, lightening the carnal stimulation.

“Is this your power?”
Shino gave her a tough look, trying to encourage her.

“Yeah, it’s the Offbeat ability I inherited from Mister Unfair. Nh, I can control our shadows. I can’t use it to escape, but I can do this much. Kh, nhh, but my power is unstable, nhh, so I can’t do it forever.”

“Thank you. Ahh…”

“Don’t mention it. We’re in this together, after all. Hh…”

 

Once Miki and Shino were back on the Dark Arena stage, they found Silver Bullet and Madam Scroll already there. They too had identical collars and they wore lewd versions of their costumes.

Silver Bullet’s costume was a lot like Miki’s current one. The metal silver costume with black lightning bolts had the chest and crotch removed, exposing her breasts and vulva.

Madam Scroll’s long dress actually covered her entire body. However, it was now made of a black mesh, allowing her mature body to show through. Below the dress, she only wore skimpy black butterfly panties that were a tight fit. Her mature breasts, from base to nipple, were fully visible through the mesh. She radiated a sexuality not found in the younger three.

The four of them were gathered in front of Milk Crown who held his golden mic in the center of the stage. Miki looked down at her feet. She could not bear to see those more experienced heroes looking like this after they had trained her and given her advice on living as a hero.

But the two of them gave her powerful encouragement.

“You mustn’t run away, Miki-chan.”

“A true hero never gives up or loses hope.”

The Justice Circus members’ words were picked up by the mics on the stage and amplified for the audience. The heroic words earned jeers and mockery from the villains. Milk Crown’s lighthearted voice broke through it all.

“Sorry about the wait, villains and rogues! The four gladiators have been gathered on the stage once more. But before the main event, we thought the experienced two could show the newcomers how it’s done!”

Storyteller circled behind Madam Scroll. Disgust and tension appeared on the seductive sorceress’s face. Being toyed with by magic must have been even more agonizing for a magical Offbeat like her.

“Once again, you will be showing everyone in attendance just how indecent your body is.”

His tattooed hands reached from behind and squeezed her breasts.

“Nhh!”

Her mature body trembled below the mesh. Her already large breasts swelled out further within the see-through dress. The change to her breasts was displayed in enlarged form by a hologram in the space above the stage.

Miki and Shino tried to run over to help her, but they were stopped by the collars with chains held by bodyguards and by the pleasure brought by the rings and threads. Silver Bullet already knew just how futile it was, so she only bit her lip.

Storyteller’s hands slowly and thoroughly stimulated those twin peaks while gradually ascending them.

“Reveal your untamed sexuality. Reveal your ravenous desire. Reveal your true self.”

“Hhh…ahh.”

The tips of the twin mounds pushed out the thin mesh. The erect nipples pushed at the fabric from within. The mesh rubbed against the nipples, providing even more sweet stimulation for the mature woman.

“Reveal your depthless horny side.”

His fingers moved like insect legs and finally pinched her nipples. He tightly massaged up and down that stiff pink flesh.

“Ahhh…”

The nipples suddenly grew longer between his fingers. This was not normal. Storyteller had clearly modified her body with his magic power.

The bodyguard suddenly tugged on Miki’s collar, moving her face right in front of Madam Scroll’s chest.

“Wh-what? Ahh!”

“Ohhh! I-I’m cumming, I’m cumming!”

A pure white liquid erupted from the Madam’s squished nipples. Two streams flew through the gaps in the mesh and splattered on Miki’s face.

“Ugh, wh-what?”
Some of the thick and sticky liquid got in her mouth. A sweet flavor spread across her tongue. The tongue-melting sweetness was greater than any cake or dessert she had ever tasted.

“Is this Madam Scroll’s breast milk?”

“I-it’s- ahhhhn! I’m cumming agaiiiiin!!”

Storyteller gave her breasts another squeeze, sending more whiteness shooting from the nipples. It squirted out with such quantity and force that it flew straight, like the mesh wasn’t even there.

“Ahhhh…nhh.”

With her breasts still in the rapist’s hands, Madam Scroll’s body collapsed below her, her mature ass in the tight butterfly panties landing on the floor.

Miki stared at the Madam and her chest. Breast milk continue to trickle from the erect nipples.

(That’s an abnormal amount of milk. It wasn’t like that with my mom or sister.)

Normally, the milk came simultaneously from the many small milk ducts in the nipple, but the milk had erupted from Madam Scroll’s enlarged nipples as a single large stream from the tip, more like a man’s ejaculation.

Miki’s unasked question was answered by Milk Crown instead of Madam Scroll herself.

“Our regulars will know already, but Madam Scroll, the Justice Circus’s ultimate sexy weapon, has had the inner workings of her enormous breasts changed by our Storyteller’s Kotodama! Those massive breasts are the greatest erogenous zone on the sorceress’s mouthwatering body. Hell, you could even call them sex organs! You can bring her to orgasm just by teasing them and she ejaculates a special milk every time it happens!”

Milk Crown paused before calling the next victim’s name.

“Next up is our audience’s perennial favorite: Silver Bullet!”

The speedster tensed as the tattooed man walked behind her with a calmness that contrasted Milk Crown’s high energy. Silver Bullet clenched her fists tight and everything past her elbows disappeared. The subconscious trembling of her hands in anger and humiliation was too fast for human vision to keep up. If those fists touched someone, the person would be instantly destroyed.

But the Kotodama Master showed no fear at all as he reached his right hand around toward her exposed vulva. The hero’s arm came to a complete stop to avoid harming the rapist. Her body was fully under his control.

“Reveal your hidden nature to everyone again. Reveal your indecent, shameful, pleasure-starved, and beautiful nature.”

He spoke gloomy words while grabbing her most sensitive body part.

“Ahhhh!”

She always kept a boyish demeanor that conflicted with her feminine figure, but now she moaned in a very womanly way. Her goggled head shook side to side, her ponytail whipping behind her.

Miki’s collar was again tugged over to stick her face in front of Silver Bullet’s hips. Shino was not well known, so the audience got more excited when Miki, a famous figure on TV, was tormented.

“I-I don’t believe it…”

Miki said something an announcer should never say. She rejected the plain facts before her eyes.

When the tattooed fingers tugged up on the pinched clitoris, it grew like a buried stick being pulled from the dirt. This was not the abnormal swelling done to Miki’s own clit. The thing growing from the top of Silver Bullet’s vulva had transformed into something other than a woman’s clitoris.

Miki gasped and stared at the meat stick that nearly touched her face.

(Th-that’s a man’s…)

It was shaped exactly like an erect penis. It was just as large as Captain Sky’s, the largest she had ever seen, and it was throbbing like it was ready to explode.

“Incredible! I think we’re all jealous of that fine penile specimen! Silver Bullet has brought countless women to tears with that superb cock. And its sensitivity is several times greater than a normal man’s, so she reaches climax quickly! But that’s not all! She can ejaculate any number of times and it never goes soft! Truly the ideal cock!”

While Milk Crown showered praise on the penis, Storyteller’s fingers tightly squeezed the head.

“Release your true nature. In great quantities.”

“Ahhhhh! I’m cumming!”

Silver Bullet’s hips thrusted back and forth like a man vigorously fucking a woman.

The bodyguard pushed on Miki’s head to force her face toward the more experienced hero’s penis. Her mouth was forced open once it was about to touch her lips.

“Agh, ahh!”

(No, no. This can’t be happening.)

The hologram showed a zoomed-in version of her facing the erection in profile.

Silver Bullet forced out one last cry while the penis she shouldn’t have had was tormented.

“I’m cummiiiiing! I’m sorry, Miki-chan! I’m going to defile you! Ahn, I’m cumming!”

Japan’s fastest hero’s well-trained butt tensed and the penis head swelled out in front of Miki’s mouth and on the hologram.

“Ahhhhhhhhh!!”
Thick white goo erupted from the slit at the tip.

“Nhhhhh!!”


Miki squeezed her eyes shut as an abnormal amount of semen was pumped into her mouth. She tried to spit it out, but a large hand covered her mouth and nose.

“Mgh, nhh, ghh.”

She had no choice but to swallow all of the hot, fresh cum. It flowed down her esophagus and into her stomach. When the hand let go, she expelled some semen and a flame-hot breath from her mouth.

“Ahhhhn…ahh, how is this happening?”

Miki had never performed oral sex before. She would not be surprised to learn Captain Sky had received blowjobs in the past, but he had not asked it of her. So she had never tasted semen before.

Milk Crown did not miss her agonized expression.

“What’s this!? It would seem this was Snow Wing’s first taste of cum! But not to worry! Snow Wing and Cemetery will be treated to plenty of cum in the near future, so they’ll be addicted in no time.”

Silver Bullet hung her head and sighed deeply. But her penis remained erect despite ejaculating so much. It was still throbbing, squeezing out some semen remaining in the urethra and letting it drip to the floor.

Next to her, Madam Scroll was curled up with mottled milk stains on her ink-black mesh dress.

Miki paled in terror at seeing two of Japan’s greatest superheroes in this state.

(I’m going to end up like that too eventually.)

She felt a chill down her spine at the thought of having her body remade by someone else. But the throbbing pleasure in her nipples and clit only grew. The scent of Madam Scroll’s sweet nectar on her face and the flavor of Silver Bullet’s thick semen in her stomach only deepened her arousal.

That was what terrified her most of all.

(If they change my body any more, there’s no way I can stay sane like they have. I just know the pleasure will overpower me and my mind will break.)

Her shoulders slumped, but then she heard Shino’s harsh voice in her ear.

“Don’t look so disappointed. Unlike me, you’re a great superhero, right?”

“I can’t do it, Nanjou-san. I might have Captain Sky’s power, but I’m still just an announcer. I can’t be a real superhero.”

“Like hell you can’t! Even Captain Sky was only a college student to begin with. So don’t let this-”

Shino’s scolding voice was drowned out by Milk Crown.

“Now, our preparations are complete, so we can get on with the main event! If the superhero team emerges victorious, they shall be gifted with a prize I just know they will love: this!”

The masked man’s exaggerated gesture was answered by an unbelievable image displayed on the midair hologram.

It showed a room that looked like it belonged to a castle dungeon in a Hollywood history movie. The ancient-looking stone room had several horrifying red-stained objects inside.

Human bodies had been dismembered and strewn about. A great number of people’s limbs, organs, and heads were jumbled together, almost like a child slicing apart dolls with a knife.

There was a single living person surrounded by the body parts that almost seemed to produce a bloody stench through the hologram. It was a boy of only elementary school age.

“Perfume Rat!” exclaimed Shino.

Miki also recognized him. Despite his innocent appearance, that criminal boy led a street gang. His breathing and blinking proved he was definitely still alive. But there was no expression on his face and his eyes stared blankly into space.

He sat cross-legged in the bloody pool, looking like a living doll.

“This brat is the younger brother of an Arena employee, so he and his gang tricked some women so they could film some illegal porn in Shibuya. But he foolishly planned to sell some disks of Arena footage he had acquired from his brother. Fortunately, the disks were retrieved before they appeared on the black market and everyone involved has been executed. The brat is the sole survivor. Seeing his brother and friends dismembered before his eyes seems to have been a tad traumatizing, but his life should still make a wonderful prize for the heroes.”

The four women exchanged a glance at this unexpected turn of events and Milk Crown continued with a grin.

“Of course, you can always opt not to fight if you do not want this prize. The main event will be canceled and the brat will be promptly sliced and diced.”

The hologram changed to reveal a bodyguard standing behind Perfume Rat with a roaring chainsaw at the ready. With a swift movement, the severed head of a young man lying right next to the boy was sliced vertically in two. Blood and brains splattered across the side of the boy’s face.

Silver Bullet’s eyebrows rose and she spoke clearly.

“We will fight of course. Against anyone.”

Madam Scroll and Shino gave firm nods of agreement. Miki did the same after a short delay.

“Gotta say, I’m glad I’m not some superhero. Saving the life of some minor villain you’ve never even met sounds exhausting. Now, allow me to introduce the opposing team! We have selected the finest challengers from around the world for our four superheroes!”

A short silence fell over the Dark Arena.

Then a sinister name was announced.

“The Forbidden Four!”