Thunderclaps 2: Chapter 5 - Operation Erotic Storm
“We thank the entire world and the cosmic rays which gave us our powers.”

(1966, written on the gifts handed out at the wedding of Miss Fascinate and Integral Man, said to be the marriage of the century)

 

“Villains and rogues! Welcome again to the Dark Arena!”

A male voice was answered by thunderous laughter.

(Oh, the audience is loving it. Iyama-san is killing it today.)

Miki pictured the host of the public variety show she had worked on as an assistant after becoming Snow Wing. She imagined the bright lights, the gawdy set, and the young entertainers they had on as regulars.

(Wait!)

It suddenly hit her that the show was starting, but she was not in the studio. She was somewhere dark, but not a dressing room or behind the set.

(Oh, no. The director is going to let me have it!)

“Sorry I’m late.”

She opened her eyes, bringing the audience into view. Something wasn’t right.

“H-huh?”

The audience was different from normal. In fact, this wasn’t any of the studios at Peace TV.

She was on the lowest stage in a building designed much like a concert hall. No, based on the stone walls and columns, it was more like a smaller version of an ancient Roman colosseum with a ceiling added on.

She still wore her Snow Wing costume and she sat on a black leather sofa in the center of the stage. The white wings were still out on her back.

The people in the tiered seating were not the usual young people the assistant director found god-knows-where. They were men wearing bizarre costumes and masks. Some went beyond mere costumes. She saw some mechanized bodies and some figures that had fused with other creatures.

The person making witty jokes into a gold lame microphone straight out of a Las Vegas show was not one of the usual popular entertainers from the TV station.

The man wore a pure white suit and an extremely conspicuous white bowtie. He would have looked weird out on the streets, but it was normal enough by TV standards.

But his face was another story. He wore a white plastic mask. It must have been modeled after a living person because the smiling face of a middle-aged man had been reproduced in great detail. The eyes were covered up by white fabric, but he could apparently see just fine.

He also wore a toy crown of white paper atop his immaculately styled hair.

The all-white host continued his lighthearted talking.

“Now, I am Milk Crown, the Dark Showman, and I have a treat of a show for you villains and rogues tonight. The Dark Arena has received a new gladiator.”

The host known as Milk Crown gestured his left hand toward Miki.

“You all asked for it and we have delivered. I present to you the current #1 female announcer and superhero: Snow Wing!!”

“Eh? What’s going on? What is this place? Is this a hidden camera prank?”

“And now I hand things over to our great trainer: Storyteller, the genius Kotodama Master!”

A square of the floor opened next to Miki and a man rose up like the lead in a kabuki play.

He was a tall Asian man as skinny as a withered branch. He was handsome, but his gloomy appearance worked against that. There was not a hair growing on his face or head. His upper body was bare and he only wore tight, formfitting pants below. The feet on the floor were bare.

But none of that was the first thing Miki noticed about this man giving her a dark look.

He was covered in writing, from the top of his head to his face, arms, torso, and toes. It was all in the same color and it was not just written on his skin. These were tattoos.

Miki was immediately reminded of Hoichi the Earless, but this man’s tattoos were not kanji. It was a creepy form of writing she did not recognize but made her uneasy just looking at it.

The tattooed man walked so close she thought his skinny body would touch hers.

“My name is Storyteller.”

He spoke in a gloomy voice that perfectly matched his appearance. He even had writing on the teeth and tongue visible in his mouth. In fact, there was differently colored writing on the surface of his eyeballs.

“My job is to tell your story, Ozora Miki, aka Snow Wing. Now, let us begin.”

“What are you talking about? Someone please tell me what’s going on. What is this place?”

“This is the Dark Arena. The audience you see are all infamous criminals. Our show is a sexual combat between superheroines. Silver Bullet, Madam Scroll, and Lily Dynamo are all gladiators of this stage. And today is your debut.”

“That’s crazy talk!”

She spread her wings and tried to take flight.

“You cannot fly.”

The instant she heard his words, she fell back down into her seat despite her fiercely flapping wings.

“What did you do!? Is this mind control?”
There were a lot of Offbeats who controlled people’s minds through a variety of methods, including the infamous Rumormonger. Except she was still trying to fly and her wings were in fact moving. It was just that the movement failed to lift her from her seat.

“You are not brainwashed. I am the Storyteller of this world’s one and only truth. The words I speak become the story of your body. I said you cannot fly, so your body has lost the ability to fly.”

“I don’t believe you. The Justice Circus computer doesn’t mention that kind of Offbeat power.”

“The world is a large place. Now, I shall continue your story.”

“No, thank you.”

Miki sent energy coursing through her body and grabbed at Storyteller. She had been trained to defeat even an Offbeat with strength rivalling an excavator.

But when a tattooed finger lightly tapped on her shoulder, she collapsed back into the sofa like a child. Then a brittle-looking hand pressed against her forehead, keeping her from moving altogether.

“How?”

“It is no use. While you were unconscious, I said that your body cannot resist anyone in the Dark Arena. You are a superhero outside this place, but you are a helpless doll within it. Also, your body is terribly horny.”

“What are you talking- ahh!”

Miki bent back in the sofa, her white wings writhing behind her. The sofa’s frame creaked and her costume rubbed loudly against the leather. She could not resist any of the people, but she had not actually lost the power inside her.

“Wh-what? Ah, this isn’t right!?”

She imagined that Storyteller’s words and voice were contaminating her body organ by organ, cell by cell. No, she was not just imagining it. The power of his words was in fact remaking her body. She could sense it so clearly.

“I will say it again: your body is extremely horny.”

“Ah, ahhh!”

The sofa creaked and her body jerked wildly on the sofa. If not for his restricting hand on her forehead, she would have rolled off onto the floor.

“There’s something wrong with my body! It’s hot! So hot!”

More and more bubbles of heat were popping inside her body.

(I-it’s just like back then.)
The intense sex she had had within that sign appeared in the back of her heated mind. That “pleasure reaping” had happened a total of three times over the past month. Each time her wings would turn to tentacles and the energy being drew out the pleasure and desire in her body, she had gotten Captain Sky to make love to her.

Her current state was a lot like that. This man’s words of power had filled her with an endless flame of desire against her will.

“Your breasts are large, ripe fruits packed full of indecent desires.”

After those words were spoken by the tattooed lips, teeth, and tongue, she felt a sudden tightness in her chest.

Milk Crown broke his silence by sending his loud voice reverberating throughout the Dark Arena.

“Watch here, everyone. This will show you every single change made to Snow Wing.”

A large holographic image appeared on the stage. An enlarged version of Miki’s upper body was projected in the air. It was intentionally zoomed in on her chest, so she looked away in embarrassment when she saw it floating overhead, but her curiosity won out and she kept glancing back up at it.

An impossible change occurred on the projected version of her chest.

“Wh-what…no, that’s not possible.”

Miki’s breasts were A-cups. Ordinary suits and blouses and even the formfitting Snow Wing bodysuit had never felt tight in the chest for her.

But that had changed. Her own flesh pushed out at the bodysuit, making it swell out down to her solar plexus. The same thing was displayed on the large hologram.

A strange and sweet sensation grew within her chest. The greater the pressure on her breasts, the more they filled with a sweet and sticky heat.

“Ahn!”

Her suit’s buttons popped off and it was pushed open by the sky blue bodysuit packed full of rapidly-growing breasts.

“Ah, ahh, what, no…”

The flexible bodysuit perfectly showed the shape of her expanding breasts. They were now as big as those of the models known for their bustiness that she had worked with on TV programs before. And they were only contained by a thin blue piece of fabric. The pads must have been stolen while she slept because the shape of her nipples showed through.

The criminals in the audience cheered and hooted with laughter as they watched the rapid change to the breasts on the hologram. The obscene comments shouted down at her were drowned out by Storyteller’s voice.

“Your nipples require more.”

“Eh? What?”

His bony index fingers and thumbs reached out and pinched her nipples through the body suit. Her upper body bent back even further as a jolt raced out from her nipples to the rest of her breasts.

“Hh, hhhn!”

“Your nipples are large, as sensitive as clitorises, and always starved for pleasure.”

“Ahh! Ahhhhhn!!”

Miki’s nipples had always been on the smaller side. Even when Captain Sky’s fingers or mouth got them hard, they remained small.

But when Storyteller’s fingers pinched and stroked them, they visibly pushed out the blue fabric.

“Nh, kh…”

The nipples formed two small tents in the bodysuit’s chest and the rubbing against that fabric sent surges of pleasure through her. The endless stimulation caused her to subconsciously twist her body around. But that motion made her expanding breasts move within the bodysuit, rubbing the nipples against the smooth fabric even more, and providing even greater pleasure.

“Ah…ahn…ahh!”

Suddenly, the movement of her breasts with their newfound weight proved too much for the bodysuit and the twin tents caused by her nipples tore open. Her special bodysuit should not have torn from something like this, so she must have been dressed in an imitation when she was unconscious. Just as her hard nipples popped out through the two tears, the rips rapidly spread and the entire breasts burst out.


The jiggling of her now-enormous breasts was displayed on the hologram to make sure everyone could see. The villains once more laughed at the superhero’s plight.

“Noo!”

Miki screamed and tried to hide her exposed breasts with her hands, but Storyteller’s left hand shot out, grabbed her wrists, and lifted them overhead.

She was still seated on the sofa with her wrists forcibly held together and pulled up above her head. That naturally bent her back, which pushed her fully-exposed breasts out.

“No, let go! Stop!”

She twisted her body with all her might, but she could not break her arms free. Instead, she only succeeded in jiggling those two weighty mounds every which way for the audience to watch.

The breasts expanded by the magic of Storyteller’s words defied gravity to maintain a beautiful round shape. The light pink areolae swelled out softly with the stiff nipples sticking out from the center.

The nipples’ size was definitely changed. Her smallish ones had grown several times larger and they stood tall and hard. The trembling nipples looked noticeably sensitive and indecent even to her eyes.

(So…so many people are staring at my transformed breasts. It’s so embarrassing I want to die.)

Just seeing how large her breasts were now brought tears to her eyes that spilled down her flushed cheeks. But even as she cried in embarrassment, she could not stop the hot throbbing burning inside those breasts. The nipples appeared to still be growing. Even the slightest air current seemed to cause those sensitive tips to react.

“Your endlessly lewd breasts are starved for pleasure, but I have a gift to make them even more indecent.”

Storyteller used just his right hand to remove two metal rings from the strap hanging from his belt. The gold-glittering rings were more like short pipes than hoops. With the skilled handwork of a stage magician, the tattooed man rotated the rings just once in front of her face before pushing one of them onto her right nipple. The ring continued down to the base of her nipple, pushing into the areola as well.

“Ahhhhh!”

It squeezed the entire nipple. That would normally have been quite painful, but intense pleasure exploded within the erect nipple instead. It was a lot like the pleasure of having her erect clitoris squeezed between two fingers, except this was much more powerful. She had only experienced her first orgasm a month ago, so she had never experienced pleasure like this before. The pleasure itself may have been proof of Storyteller’s Offbeat power.

“You can barely stand it, can you? This ring is no mere decoration. It is a special sex toy created with the forbidden sexual arts of ancient Babylon. It provides the greatest stimulation the entire time it is worn and it will make even the most innocent little girl weep with pleasure. And your exceedingly horny nipples will double that pleasure, providing a truly heavenly experience for you.”

“B-but, ah, you did this to me, so…ahhhh, hh.”

(If it’s this powerful with just one, what will happen when he puts the other one on?)

That sweet fear soon became a reality. His skinny fingers moved the gold ring toward her left nipple.

“Now the other one.”

“S-stop! Please stop! Eeek!”

A ring was pushed onto the left one as well. The pleasure from her left breast hit her like a shockwave.

“Khh, no…ahhh, ahhhn!”

She could not stay still and ended up wiggling her suspended upper body. Her breasts jiggled and the rings sent more throbbing stimulation through her body.

“Ahh, ah, I can’t, I can’t take it.”

“And what are you going to do about it?”

“Take them off. Please take them off. Ahhhh…”

Suddenly, her arms were free. Storyteller had opened his left hand, so she immediately grabbed the two gold rings.

“Ahh!”

As soon as she pulled to get the rings off, mind-blowing pleasure burst from her nipples and white flames flashed before her eyes. Her wings trembled overhead.

The two rings digging into her swollen flesh refused to budge.

“N-no. Why won’t they come off?”
She hesitantly and carefully tugged on the rings again.

“Khhhh!”

She used much less force this time, but the pleasure emitted by the rings was just as powerful. A hot surge of pleasure traveled from her breasts to her spine and up to her brain.

“Ah, ohhh…”

Her brain itself felt numb as the man spoke even more frightening words.

“Another part of your body is even hornier and more pleasure-starved than your nipples.”

“Ah, ahh…”

“Your clitoris is larger than your nipples, produces deeper and more intense pleasure, and drags you into a vast ocean of ecstasy.”

She did not realize the significance of his words until he reached his right hand between her thighs that sat limply apart on the leather sofa.

“Wait, not there…ahhhn!”

His left hand flicked her right nipple ring. She let out a moan that was nearly a scream and collapsed back into the sofa. Only her hips inside the sky blue bodysuit were lifted up as if in offering to the man.

Her thighs were covered in sweat that sparkled in the arena’s lights. Her original Snow Wing costume did not change much when wet, but this was only a fake. The hologram zoomed in on the wet stain plastering it to her crotch.

The flaming desire burning inside her and the intense pleasure coming from the nipple rings had already melted her pussy, so it was dripping with female nectar.

“You are soaked already. Truly a horny body.”

“No! This is all because of what you- nhh!”

Her protests were cut short by another moan. His tattooed thumb, pointer finger, and middle finger accurately pinched her most sensitive point through the thin fabric.

That point on her crotch seemed to burst into flames.

“Ahhh! Ah, ahhhhh…”

With each delicate movement of his fingers, the blue fabric was pushed up further from below. The carnal pleasure grew at the same rate, leaving her writhing on the sofa.

A sticky sound reached her ears and the fabric covering her crotch tore open. Love juices flowed out from the tear that exposed the secret garden she had only ever let two men see.

“Noooo! Don’t look! Don’t loooook!”

She could only scream and squeeze her eyes shut. Her vulva was displayed on the hologram overhead, where it was blown up larger than her entire body so everyone could see. That hidden flower had blossomed against her will. The swollen petals wriggled like a carnivorous plant and the clear nectar dripped down toward the real her below.

Her mind tried to close in on itself in the face of this unimaginable humiliation, but the poor gladiator was not allowed even that.

“Now, a third pleasure ring to help satisfy your insatiable desire.”

“Ahhhn!”

Her eyes opened wide when a powerful jolt raced out from her crotch. She looked down to see something even more unbelievable than her expanded breasts.

A piece of flesh the size of a thumb tip stuck out at the top of her wet vulva. It was visibly stiff and looked so erect it was going to burst at any moment. And there a golden ring had been pushed onto its tip.

“No, th-that can’t be my-?”

Her clitoris was on the smaller side. It had only just barely poked out of its hood when Captain Sky pleasured it to climax.

“That is indeed your clitoris. It is a supremely lewd, unbelievably indecent, and endlessly shameless clitoris.”

He pushed the ring all the way to its base as if to show the very core of her body that his magical words were true. The hood was pushed all the way back and her most sensitive part was fully in the ring’s grasp.

“Ahhh! Ahhhn! No, noooo!”

The despair known as pleasure made her scream. Her body was tormented by pleasure well past the limit, so she convulsed on the sofa, her chest and hips rising and falling over and over.

Her wings thrashed about, tearing the sofa’s black leather. The stuffing burst from within and was fanned into the air by her wings.

“Eek! Nhhh! I, I, noooo!”

Her wings crashed against the back of the sofa, snapping the wood within. Its four legs broke and it came crashing down to the floor.

She was thrown onto the floor as well, ending up on all fours. The pleasure was too much to even catch her breath and she subconsciously lifted her butt up high. She seemed to be offering her butt to the audience while it wiggled every which way.

Her wings shined white and glowing feathers fluttered through the air.

She forgot all about where she was or how so many strangers’ eyes were watching her while the final words burst from within her.

“Eeek! I’m cumming! I’m cumming, cumming, cumming, cummiiiiiiiiiiiiing!!”


Love juices erupted from her female spring that had gone entirely untouched. There was so much it looked like she was pissing herself and it flew in an arc from the stage and toward the front row of audience seating. This was known as squirting or female ejaculation and it was a sign of the ultimate pleasure.

Once the emission of love juices had stopped, all strength drained from her limbs. She collapsed right into the puddle of love juices, sweat, tears, and drool she had created on the floor.

“Ahh, ahhh…”

She was past the climax of pleasure and the sexual flame inside her was shrinking, but another heartless command reached her ears.

“Your body is not satisfied. Your desire is insatiable and your body is in constant search of new pleasure.”

Her butt hopped up from the floor.

Fresh pleasure ran through the nipples squished between her breasts and the stage. The rings scraped against the floor, tormenting her nipples again.

“Ahhh, ahh, ahh, not again…nhhh, please stop…”

Her own body betrayed her desperate pleading.

She was normally satisfied after she came once and she would enjoy a happy time with Captain Sky’s muscular arm holding her to his equally muscular chest. Those had been her favorite moments since becoming a superhero.

But now that she was cursed by Storyteller, the three pleasure rings were constantly tormenting those three points of her body, giving her no time to rest. Her mind knew it was wrong, but her body accepted this new pleasure. Tears spilled from her eyes and she sobbed, but her lower body began moving on its own and nectar dripped from the female flower visible through the tear in her bodysuit.

The hologram switched over to a giant close up of Milk Crown’s white plastic smile. His cheerful voice boomed from the arena’s speakers.

“Villains and rogues. The lovely and horny Snow Wing here is not just any new superhero. She has inherited the power of Captain Sky, our old archnemesis who has earned an endless supply of hatred from us all!”

The hologram split into a few different sections, each one showing news footage of Captain Sky’s heroics over the years. A storm of boos burst from the audience.

A man decked out in a fancy brand-name Italian suit stood up, waving his hands to gather attention. The head emerging from the suit was not human; it was the flat and broad head of a cobra. His forked tongue flitted in and out before he shouted in anger.

“Hissssssss! It wasss him who left me in thisss form! He has lossst hisss Offbeat power now! Ssso bring him here. I will show him what my venomousss fangsss can do!”

“No, I’ll send him straight to hell. By burning him with my hellfire!”

That shrill cry came from a sinister iron mask floating in the air. Just the iron mask was hovering in the audience seating.

With each high-pitched word it spoke, the area around the mask glowed red, revealing glass shaped like a human body. The men seated around the iron mask complained of the heat.

One person, seated in the front row that had become the splash zone when Miki squirted, said nothing. But several of what looked like crab legs emerged from within the hood pulled low over their face and the wriggling legs cracked their joints in protest.

“Settle down, settle down. Your anger is understandable and well justified, but here at the Dark Arena, we strive to deliver a show of desire and pleasure. You can enjoy all the destruction and slaughter you want once you leave. But to make up for it, we have an extra treat for you tonight. The Dark Arena staff has outdone themselves and found a second new gladiator. Allow me to introduce you to Cemetery, the 17-year-old lone wolf who makes all the Shibuya street gangs tremble in their boots!”

A fanfare played and a hole opened in a point on the tall domed ceiling. With an intentionally exaggerated scraping of metal on metal, a white wooden cross was lowered down by a chain. Except the bottom of the cross was split into two pieces spread diagonally.

A girl wearing a shiny black plastic bustier and ultra-miniskirt was pinned to the cross by the metal restraints around her neck, wrists, and ankles. The split bottom of the cross made sure her legs were spread wide, so her already short skirt rode up on her hips, revealing her underwear.

“Ahh, Nanjou-san! They got you too?”

“Nhh, ghhh…”

With her arms and legs bound, Nanjou Shino could only shake her head. She also had a ball gag in her mouth to keep her from speaking.

“Oh, I’m so sorry. If I hadn’t forced you to accompany me to the Justice Circus building, this never would have happened to you.”

“Nhhh, nhhh!”

Shino vigorously shook her head and then a new hologram was projected over her head.

It was old news footage. A younger Captain Sky had his arm around the shoulders of another masked and costumed man. The other man’s black mask and black long coat contrasted the Captain’s sky blue costume and pure white wings.

The unseen tongue below Milk Crown’s white mask resumed speaking.

“I am sure all of you recognize this man in the black mask. Some of you have even fought him yourself. He is none other than Mister Shadow, partner of Captain Sky in Japan’s greatest hero duo: Sky & Shadow!”

The hologram switched to footage Miki had seen in Peace TV’s archives. A superhero was dressed in shadows and an unconscious villain’s face was twisted in terror while embedded in the hero’s shadow.

“But that famous duo broke up after a single year and Mister Shadow transformed into an even more dreadful individual: Mister Unfair, who hunts us down while he lurks in the darkness and travels between shadows!”

Another chorus of boos was directed toward the stage. These people weren’t even trying to sound civilized, so they shouted filthy insults and sent unidentified beams, shockwaves, and electrical attacks through the air.

Milk Crown waited until the commotion had died down before he raised his voice once more.

“Not only does Cemetery here have a body much too sexy for a girl of only 17, but she is also Mister Shadow’s only daughter!”

An unexpected silence fell over the arena. And the host finally reached the climax of his speech.

“Think about it! The famous Sky & Shadow has been resurrected here in the Dark Arena, but now as two beautiful women!”

Before he was even done, a silver-shining man descended from the ceiling using the chain that had lowered Shino. He was a cyborg with mechanical arms, legs, and chest.

“Oh, no! The new Sky & Shadow was only just created before our eyes, but a powerful foe has already appeared before them!” The host switched modes from Las Vegas show to amusement park hero show. “Snow Wing must rescue her beloved partner Cemetery from the nefarious Resonator, an up-and-coming cyborg warrior hoping to make a name for himself. If she does not rescue her in 10 minutes, the miniature bomb in the ball gag will explode, blasting Cemetery’s head to smithereens!”

The hologram displayed the numbers 10:00. As soon as it appeared, the number indicating the seconds began to count down: 59, 58, 57, etc. An extremely lifelike CG preview of the gruesome consequences of failure was displayed below the digital clock. Miki wanted to cover her eyes, but the bloodthirsty audience roared with laughter.

“The bomb is made to deactivate once removed from her mouth. So fight, Snow Wing! Rescue your partner!”

“But I don’t have the power to fight right now.”

Miki shook her head and Storyteller responded in a voice far too frigid for the upbeat mood created by Milk Crown.

“Not to worry. You can use your powers when fighting Resonator. So give him a real challenge.”

Miki silently continued to shake her head.

(I can’t. Not even with my Offbeat powers.)

Her nipples and enlarged clitoris still had those golden rings on them. Those three body parts had been made extremely sensitive and the sex toys continued to torment them, so she was supplied with tingling pleasure even while standing still.

(I can’t possibly fight like this.)

The bloody CG video repeated before her eyes. The clock continued to count down. Groans and drool spilled past the bomb stuffed in Shino’s mouth. Miki could hear the audience shouting mockery, insults, and their desire to see blood.

(But Nanjou-san is going to die. All because of me. I need to do this. I have to do it.)

Miki stood up on still-shaky legs. New nectar dripped from her exposed secret flower. She started to cover it with her hand, but she stopped herself, fearing that touching the ring would knock her back to the floor with pleasure.

But the instant she took a step, her crotch moved, rubbing her enlarged clitoris against its own hood and the ring.

“Ah, no.”

A sweet ripple spread from there and her hips nearly gave out. Her butt was wiggling inside the bodysuit against her will.

“Ah, ahnnn.”

She came to a stop with the cyborg warrior standing between her and Shino. The superhero and the criminal glared at each other. Just as everyone thought a battle was about to begin, she bowed deep.

“U-um, please let me through. I will do anything, so please.”

The face above his shining special alloy chest swept a lewd gaze along her indecent body. He had a crew cut and looked to still be in his early twenties.

“I have to prove my worth to the bigshots in the audience. This doubles as a trade fair for Offbeat mercenaries like me. Now, I will show you why I am known as Resonator.”

He reached his mechanical arms forward like he was about to hypnotize her. A low humming came from his hands which had several strange bumps on them. Small cracks entered the floor below her shoes.

She subconsciously flapped her wings in surprise, lifting her shoes from the floor.

“I can fly! So I really can use my Offbeat powers against the people Storyteller gives me permission for!”

A moment later, the surface of the floor shattered into a fine dust that flew up into the air. Only a deep hole remained behind. Resonator displayed his mechanical arms and let out a booming voice.

“Did you see that? My body contains devices to produce vibrations at an object’s resonant frequency. There is nothing I cannot destroy.”

Miki ignored the cyborg’s self-advertisement and flew toward Shino. Flying with her wings did not stimulate the ring at her crotch.

“Not so fast. My weapon has more than one use.”

Resonator’s arms aimed overhead like an AA gun. A strange humming shook the air again.

“Hyahhhh!”

A scream echoed through the air as Miki arched her back, stiffened her wings, and fell to the stage.

“Ah, ohhh, ahh, why? Eek! Why!?”

She writhed and moaned on the stage while the resonant frequency emitted by Resonator washed over her.

“Hh, ah, ahhhh…”

“My resonance emitter is currently targeting those three rings. But instead of destroying them, I am causing them to vibrate just right.”

She was already well aware that the rings attached to her most sensitive points were now vibrating. She had never used adult toys herself, but she doubted any vibrator could provide stimulation like this. It felt like they had grabbed her bare nerves to inject ecstasy directly into them.

“Eek, ahhh, nooo, ahn!”

Her right hand naturally reached for her chest and her left for her crotch. She subconsciously thought that holding the rings with her fingers could stop the vibration causing this pleasurable torment.

Her right hand’s fingertips grabbed one of the nipple rings and her left hand’s fingers captured the ring on her enlarged and erect clitoris.

“Ahhhhh!”

She screamed and her hips hopped up from the floor. She formed a bridge, her head and feet the only things supporting her. Just like before, touching them only rubbed the ring against the lewd body part, making the situation worse for her.

By pure coincidence, her lower body was pointed toward the audience. Her inner thighs kept opening and closing, giving the criminals a view of what lay between. With her left hand held to that wet and sensitive location, it looked a lot like she was pleasuring herself.

“What’s this!? The great superhero Snow Wing is abandoning her partner in this time of need so she can masturbate instead. Rarely have I seen such a shamelessly horny act!”

“N-no, I’m not- this is only- ahhhh!”

Miki tried to move her hands from her nipples and clit, but her fingers wouldn’t budge, like they were being held in place by powerful magnets. At the same time, the rings’ vibration was amplified within her body, so she arched her back further, spread her legs wide, and pumped her crotch up and down Her nectar shot out and scattered like a warm rain.

Her body moved against her will to perform an indecent dance for the audience.

“Nh, ah, hh, stop moving! Ahhh!”

When her body moved, twisted, and writhed, the fingers on the rings ended up teasing the sensitive body parts inside the rings. She was no longer in control of her hands or the rest of her body. The pleasure produced by Storyteller’s modifications to her body was in control.

She now understood why they used the unique Storyteller and not any of the many brainwashing Offbeats out there. She was not brainwashed. Her mind remained unchanged, but her body had been changed. She still felt the humiliation at experiencing so much pleasure at the hands of a villain and the shame at so many people seeing her drown in that pleasure. She felt the great gap between her body’s pleasure and her mind’s torment.

“Noo, ahh, please stop…nhh, please stop this…ahhh!”

“Would you look at that! Snow Wing’s hips and fingers are heating up! Is she actually shameless enough to abandon her partner so she can indulge in that sweet, sweet orgasm!?”

Milk Crown’s insulting commentary and the criminals’ filthy cheers confused her further.

“I need to save Nanjou-san, I need to, I need to. Ahh, but, nhh, no, ahh, I, I…”

She could tell she was approaching climax. The bodysuit surrounding her sex flower had turned dark blue after absorbing the endless supply of nectar. In fact, the entire costume had absorbed her pleasure sweat, causing it to cling to her skin and even reveal the shape of her navel.

“Ahh, no, I can’t, nhh…forgive me, Nanjou-san…I, I just can’t stop.”

Her hips lifted up even farther and her wings moved on their own to lift her 2m into the air with her legs spread wide.

Her hands were no longer under her control, so the right one twisted a ringed nipple and the left one stroked her ringed clitoris.

“Ahhhhh! I’m cumming! Nanjou-san, I’m cumming, I’m cummiiiiiiiing!!”

She wanted to shake her head side to side while love juices erupted out toward the hand at her crotch. The hot liquid hit her hand and then scattered around her as smaller drops.

“I’m cumming…ahhh…”

Her wings stopped moving and her butt fell back down onto the wet floor. The wet splat was picked up by the stage’s mics, so it was amplified and reverberated across the entire arena.

A red fog hung over her thoughts after the powerful orgasm, but Milk Crown’s cheerful voice managed to slip inside.

“Oh, dear! Snow Wing has finally climaxed! Has she no shame at all!? Now, take a look at the fateful clock, everyone!”

The digital clock was down to 06:48, but now a mysterious pink skull was floating below it.

“Each time Snow Wing orgasms, another skull will appear here. Once she reaches three skulls, the ball gag will explode and Cemetery will be sent straight to her namesake even if there is still time left on the clock!”

Those shocking words blasted all of the fog from Miki’s mind. She cried out in despair when she saw the hellish image displayed along with the clock.

“How can you do this!? There’s no way I can save her now!”

“Don’t be so sure. Captain Sky never gave up no matter how hopeless the situation.”

“A superhero must never give up on anyone’s life. A lesson I learned straight from the Captain himself.”

Miki looked back in surprise.

“Y-you?”

Two strong but gentle hands were placed on her shoulders.

They belonged to the very people who had captured Miki and Shino: Silver Bullet and Madam Scroll.