Thunderclaps 3: Chapter 4 - Ero Hour
“I protected him from a bullet once in this city and a second time in London, but I failed to stop the third one.”

(1980, Green Hood during his speech at a memorial service in Liverpool)

 

Maids in miniskirts so short they did nothing to cover their underwear went around the stands serving alcohol and meat while Milk Crown’s voice rang loud.

“Flare has freshened up and returned to the stage for us!”

Large men in bowties dragged Flare from a tunnel located in a gap in the stands and out onto the stage. The maids had washed off all her milk and given her a new exhibitionist costume to wear. The only difference was the lack of the three golden balls on the thread digging into her labia and butt crack.

“For our second round tonight, we have the long-awaited matchup of Flare vs. Silver Bullet!”

A man removed the bonds and ball gag from Silver Bullet. She was lined up alongside Flare with her hands behind her back.

She too was wearing one of the Dark Arena’s exhibitionist costumes. It had holes at the chest and crotch and the goggles covering her face looked far more indecent than usual despite being entirely unchanged.


Storyteller spoke to the two heroes.

“Both of you will reveal all of the sexual desire kept hidden inside your bodies. You will show everyone here just how lewd you are.”

A withered right hand reached toward Silver Bullet’s crotch. The twiglike fingers skillfully spread her labia and pulled back the clitoral hood. No desire was apparent on his tattooed face, but that was actually more concerning.

“Ahh,” moaned Silver Bullet.

She had experienced this several times over the past three months or so, but she still wasn’t used to how all her body’s heat would gather in that small bud of flesh when his fingers touched it. It was like all of her veins and blood vessels were concentrated on that one point. The supersonic woman’s clitoris became the center of her body and controlled everything about her.

“Ahh, ah, ahh.”

(No. I don’t want to shame myself like this again. I refuse.)

Her cheeks flushed, her knees shook, and her mind recalled what she had just seen happen to Madam Scroll. A superhero shouldn’t behave like that, but…

(I’ll end up the same way. My body has already been defeated. And even my mind has been corrupted.)

“Khh, ah, ahh!”

Her hips pushed out on their own and a conditioned reflex caused her labia to spread and drip with nectary drool.

(No, it feels good. It already feels good.)

“Ah, i-it’s happening again.”

The pulsing of her blood vessels sounded loud in her brain while her clitoris grew several times its size in Storyteller’s grasp. Its girth and length both grew.

Flare’s eyes widened. Snow Wing had not told her about this part.

“You too, Silver Bullet!?”
“Th-this is only- ahhhh!”

Storyteller formed a ring with his fingers and slipped it down her expanded clit. The rubbing of his fingers produced pleasure like crackling static electricity.

“Ahh, ahhh, my- my-!”

After growing past her navel, the tip swelled out to form a perfect replica of a penis head. A throbbing slit even formed in the tip.

A tattooed left hand rubbed at Flare’s crotch, fingertips scratching just above her clitoris.

“Kh.”

Heat gathered in Flare’s lower body and her abs shook.

“Ahh, no, mine is, ahh, growing too.”

Her smooth skin swelled out and an erect penis emerged.

“I-it’s out.”

Silver Bullet was all about speed, but Flare’s equally long and thick cock formed even faster.

“Th-they did the same to you, Flare?”

“No, mine is-”

Silver Bullet’s penis was the result of Storyteller’s Kotodama transforming her clitoris, but Flare’s was different. She hadn’t known until recently she had one, but she had been born with it because Doctor Disorder had created it for her in addition to her clitoris. Storyteller was only getting it erect.

“Let the audience see you release your filthy desire.”

The hands gripping both female penises used surprising strength to push the heads against each other.

“Ahh, s-so hot!”

“It’s so hot, ah, ahh!”

Both heroes felt the heat of the other’s penis head in their own. The burning heat spread from the tip to the base and to the testicles contained in their bellies. Their semen heated up within them, switching on the countdown to ejaculation.

Then the withered hands began to move. They rubbed the two penis heads together like two chopsticks stirring up mizuame at a shrine festival.

“Ahh!”

“Khh!”

Flare and Silver Bullet arched their backs, reflexively pushing their hips forward and thus rubbing their penises even harder together. The two tips pressed together like they were kissing, rubbing their clear precum on each other.


(O-our penises are rubbing together. I’ve never felt anything like it.)

(It’s such an embarrassing feeling. I’m going to die of embarrassment!)

Their penises were the products of a mad scientist and a Kotodama master, so they had been made far more sensitive than a normal one.

“Oh, ohhh!”

“Ah, khhh!”

Their stimulated penis heads swelled out and throbbed in perfect unison.

“Ahh, my penis is cumming!”

“Ahhn, so is mine!”

White goop erupted from them both simultaneously, splattering on each other’s breasts and stomachs. Their white and silver costumes were stained by the hot stuff.

Their cocks remained hard even after releasing so much cum and Storyteller kept them in his grasp while Milk Crown said something they found unbelievable.

“It’s a question we’ve all wondered at times! Who’s stronger: Flare, the strongest Thunderclap, or Silver Bullet, the young leader of the Justice Circus!? Well, tonight we’re going to answer that question once and for all! And what better way to determine their superiority than by seeing which one can ejaculate more!?”

“Wh-what is wrong with- nhh!”

“This is ridic- ahh!”

One move from Storyteller’s hands was enough to silence the women. They could only moan when his thumb and forefinger rubbed at their penis head.

“The dedicated milkers for this contest will be their opponent’s teammates! Flare’s lovely cock will be handled by the Justice Circus’s Snow Wing and Cemetery! Silver Bullet’s hard erection will be teased by the Thunderclaps’ Rose Device and Ocelot!”

Milk Crown’s words might as well have been a divine oracle with how promptly the indicated four were split into two pairs and dragged out in front of Flare and Silver Bullet.

“The contest ends as soon as one or the other of them can no longer get out another drop. And to ensure the milkers do their job, here’s what happens if they stop working for too long.”

A hologram of a well-known general hospital appeared over Flare’s head. The live footage showed an ambulance stopping at the emergency entrance with siren blaring.

A large apartment building was displayed over Silver Bullet’s head. A microphone installed somewhere picked up the voices of a happy family inside.

“The gas canisters set up in these two locations will fill both buildings with deadly gas! The colorless and odorless neurotoxin takes effect immediately, so the patients and residents will have no time to escape! As much as that tragedy sounds like a delightful show, I know our audience is more interested in seeing the show these women will put on for us!”

Milk Crown pulled an oversized whistle covered in gold lamé from his suit pocket.

“Signal the beginning of the contest for us, will you?”

He shoved the gawdy whistle in Silver Bullet’s mouth, forcing her to announce the beginning of her own humiliation.

She just about spat out the whistle, but he pointed at the footage of the apartment building for a silent but effective threat. The deadly gas might be a bluff, but she lacked the courage to test that theory.

The whistle’s shrill tone echoed through the entire arena.

Snow Wing and Cemetery kneeled in front of Flare in their exhibitionist costumes.

But Flare barely even noticed them. She forgot all about the threat to the hospital and shouted at the top of her lungs.

“Stop! Don’t make Shizu- I mean, Rose Device do that!”

The emerald armor came to a stop while kneeling alongside Ocelot in front of Silver Bullet. The metal face looked back and viewed Flare with its optical sensors.

“Flare. I…”

The uncertain armor’s auditory sensors picked up another teammate’s voice. Star Thunder shouted loud enough you would think her ball gag had been removed.

“I’ll do it in her place! Please let me do it!”

Ocelot’s feline eyes viewed the armor with intense sympathy.

Rose Device, aka Kitahara Shizuko, had lived 13 of her 17 years in her father’s lab. When her nerve tissue had been dying after an accident with one of her father’s experiments, that tissue had been replaced with miniscule nanomachines and it had taken that long for her biological parts to get used to the replacement.

She had only known of the world outside the lab through TV, books, and the internet and Flare was the first stranger she had ever met. After the battle with Flare’s father and sister, Shizuko had managed to identify her feelings and lost her virginity to Flare’s penis.

Ever since, Flare and Rose Device – no, the women named Hyuuga Kirara and Kitahara Shizuko – had begun dating. Flare’s penis was still the only one Shizuko knew and she hadn’t wanted to change that.

It was their knowledge of her past that led her teammates to protest so strongly and request to take her place. Her armored head lowered and then spoke in a firm voice.

“Thank you, Flare. But I am a superhero too. I am not so weak I need you to protect me.”

“But I don’t want you to…”

Flare never completed her desperate plea. She knew she couldn’t say that here.

(I don’t want someone else’s penis in her mouth even if it means putting thousands of innocent lives at risk. But that’s my jealousy talking.)

Flare burned with a desire she knew was inappropriate as a hero, but then she saw a change come over the armored face. The small metal pieces parted below the nose and split to the sides. A nose and mouth that looked even younger than her actual age appeared from below the collection of incredible technology.

The greatest stir of the night ran through the crowd. It was only the bottom half, but this was the first any of them had seen of Rose Device’s face. Milk Crown’s voice rang through the arena, silencing the surprised voices.

“This is the kind of surprise you’ll only get to see on the Neo Dark Arena’s very first day! You can’t see this superhero’s face anywhere else!”

The Dark Arena made it taboo to search out the identities of the heroes that performed there. If their identities were revealed, it would affect their heroics, but the value of the show was in featuring active heroes. Flare and Snow Wing didn’t bother hiding their face, but it was forbidden to unmask the masked ones.

“Things are really heating up now! But if you don’t get started soon, we really will gas that hospital! And we have plenty more gas canisters set up in other locations as well!”

As was her usual habit when encountering something new, Rose Device used her many sensors to analyze the erect penis throbbing in front of her face. Its measurements, estimated mass, temperature, and even the molecular structure of its scent were stored in her nanomachine brain as data.

(I’m so stupid. Why would I ever need this data?)

The armor covering her hands split away and fused with her shoulder armor. Silver Bullet’s eyes widened when she saw how delicate Rose Device’s fingers were.

“Rose Device, are you actually a child?”

“People often say I look like one, but I’m not much younger than you.”

Rose Device wrapped all ten fingers around the shaft standing before her. She could feel its warm throbbing in her hand.

(Ahhh, this is the same heat I feel from Kirara’s.)

She felt no disgust. In fact, she felt relieved it belonged to another hero. But more than that, she felt comfortable with it because it was part of a woman’s body, just like with Flare’s. Silver Bullet herself was probably less comfortable with that part.

(I’m probably the only person in the world who finds that less weird.)

With that bit of self-deprecation, she planted her lovely lips on the glistening pink head.

“Ah.”

“Ahn.”

The kissing armor girl and the kissed supersonic woman let out a confused breath and a heated sigh respectively. The sensation of the kiss spread from lips and penis head to make them both breathe more heavily.

Shizuko had given Kirara plenty of blowjobs since that first time in Doctor Disorder’s secret base, but not even because Kirara had asked for it. Shizuko enjoyed doing it.

She loved the feeling of her girlfriend’s penis growing hard in her mouth, she loved seeing Kirara’s face flush red, and she loved hearing her try in vain to suppress the moans.

She had sometimes feared her enjoyment of sucking embarrassed Kirara’s penis made her an indecent woman. But those fears were never enough to stop her from doing it again the next time.

“Nh, nhh, ah.”

She made a few more light kisses, using her lips to stimulate the precum-leaking tip and the sides of the head. She still wasn’t an expert, but she had learned some technique doing it with Flare.

Each time she kissed a sensitive spot, Silver Bullet shook her lower body side to side.

“Ahh, khhh, oh!”

“Meow. Give me a piece of that action.”

Ocelot stuck out her long tongue from below and licked up the underside of Silver Bullet’s shaft.

A trembling sensation raced up Silver Bullet’s spine.

“Ah, ahhhhh! Wh-what is this!? I’ve never felt anything like it!”

Ocelot did not currently have a human body. After earning the approval and blessing of a South American spirit king, she could become an actual spirit herself. That was why she looked the same as usual while the others were all wearing exhibitionist versions of their costumes. The black-spotted yellow fur covering her torso and the long tail coming from her butt were both very real. Ocelot’s superhero form looked like a costume, but she was actually naked.

Her tongue was longer and skinnier than a human’s and it was a lot bumpier too. It gave Silver Bullet’s penis a unique kind of pleasure.

“Ahh, ah, w-wait! I-I’m going to cum!!”

Silver Bullet’s rapidly boiling brain pictured the strange image of her penis’s surface melting away as the rough tongue licked at it. And as the foreskin melted away, the raw nerves were set afire with pure pleasure.

“Ahh, ohhhh, I’m, I’m cumming! I’m cummiiiiiing!!”

Her butt tensed and she pushed her erection out while a milky fluid erupted from the tip. The semen splattered across the emerald armor covering the top half of Rose Device’s face and dripped down onto her exposed nose and mouth where she couldn’t help but notice it tasted different from Flare’s.

She wiped the semen from her mouth and reflexively analyzed the semen on her armor before sighing.

But she wasn’t given a break. Milk Crown cheerfully scolded her from all the speakers installed around the arena.

“What’s this? You don’t have time to sit around. Aren’t heroes supposed to work hard to save innocent lives?”

“Shut up, meow!”

This time, Ocelot swallowed the full length of the still-hard penis.

 

Kneeling, Snow Wing looked up with tears in her eyes.

“I’m sorry, Flare-san.”

She no longer looked like a superhero. She had reverted to the rookie announcer Ozora Miki. Her white wings hung limply from her back, the ends of the feathers touching the floor.

Flare replied earnestly with her penis erect.

“You don’t have to apologize. Just do your mission. You inherited the great Captain Sky’s wings, didn’t you?”

Flare’s gaze shifted to the girl in a black costume kneeling next to Miki.

“Are you Mister Unfair’s daughter?”

Cemetery nodded unhappily. She didn’t like hearing her father’s name like that.

A new cloud fell on Flare’s face when she saw the girl’s reaction.

“Does it embarrass you to have a historic hero as a father?”

“It doesn’t embarrass me. Although I’ll admit having a father famous for not playing fair isn’t the best feeling. The problem is I stole his power. If it wasn’t for me, he could have been a hero for longer.”
“I feel the same way.” Miki wiped away her tears. “They never mention it on TV, but Captain Sky’s fans post nasty messages on the station’s message board every single day. They’ve even sent viruses. Who knows what more they would have done if he hadn’t gone on TV to defend me. Some even insist that was only a lookalike.”

The thought of that man tormented Miki’s heart.

It had been more than a month since she and Captain Sky, aka Kashima Kengo, had made love. They had met and spoken, but she couldn’t possibly remove her clothes in front of him. Not when she had rings on her nipples and clitoris. The rings’ effects were normally suppressed enough for her to live her regular life without issue, but she still could not let her lover see her naked.

(I miss him. Oh, how I miss Kengo-san.)

Flare’s penis reminded her of that legendary hero’s. Kashima Kengo had been her second sexual partner. He had been the first to teach her what true sexual pleasure was. He had taken her bud of a body and helped it blossom.

But she had only learned to provide oral sex in the Dark Arena. The Captain probably had a lot of experience receiving head, but he had never asked it of her.

(I want to do this for him. I want to love him with my mouth.)

That thought increased the pleasure coming from the nipple rings and her breasts grew even firmer.

“Ah, ahhh.”

The ring tormenting her clit finally got to work and a powerful wave of heat burned at her hips.

“Ahn, ahh, wh-why?”
Her white wings shook and spread wide. Lustful heat enveloped her body and she started sucking at the penis head in front of her. She forgot all the technique she had demonstrated at the Justice Circus HQ and licked it roughly and sucked it strongly, fueled entirely by desire.

“Nh, nhh, nhh.”

“Ah! Snow Wing!”

The sudden and powerful oral attack made Flare arch her back. The two large men restraining her arms behind her were caught off guard and backed away.

“Th-that’s too powerful. Ahh, b-be gentler.”

Snow Wing held the erection in both hands and wrapped her lips around the head like she was trying to hog it all to herself. Cemetery gulped at the sight.

“Wow. What’s come over her?”
When she saw the announcer’s cheeks suck in when she inhaled, Cemetery felt a throbbing even more powerful than the three devil rings. The lone wolf girl who terrified even the street gangs of Shibuya felt her body burning madly. It had been trained beyond anything she could control.

She too buried her face in Flare’s crotch. Snow Wing was keeping the male portion to herself, so Cemetery moved between the nectar-dripping thighs and went for the female portion. The scent of female sexuality filled her nose.

(It’s so strong. Flare can’t resist any longer either.)

Cemetery kissed the source of the female nectar soaking her face, causing Flare’s legs to shake.

“Ahh. D-don’t touch me there.”

Flare’s words were belied by the way she held Cemetery’s cheeks between her thighs. The younger girl sucked out the hot fluids while sticking her tongue inside the hole. Much like the legs, the flesh within squeezed on the intruding tongue to keep it from escaping. Flare was extremely aroused yet hadn’t had anything in there, so her body was starving for it, no matter what her mind wanted.

“No, no. Don’t move – ahh – your tongue like that.”

Cemetery pushed her tongue deeper just as Snow Wing swallowed the cock into her throat, almost like they were conspiring together. Cemetery’s tongue also emerged covered in love juices just as the penis emerged from Snow Wing’s lips covered in saliva.

“Ah, ahh, I-I can’t take any more of this. I’m cumming! I’m cumming!”

Flare’s hips moved back and forth like she was fucking the announcer’s mouth.

“Ghh, ahh, hhh.”

Miki gagged as the thick head was shoved down her throat.

“I’m sorry! Forgive me! Ahh, I’m cumming! My penis and my pussy are both cumming!!”

Far more semen than an ordinary man would ejaculate shot down Snow Wing’s throat.

A hot spray also poured down on Cemetery’s face.

Snow Wing collapsed backwards, gagging up cum too thick for her to swallow. A mixture of saliva and semen stained the stage.

“Ahhh, how long do we have to keep doing this?”
Cemetery spat out Flare’s nectar and crudely cursed herself and the situation she found herself in.

“Fuck! Fuck this fucking bullshit!”

Even as the two of them sobbed in sorrow or spat angry invectives, their nipples and clits throbbed with great pleasure.

 

Then the superheroes on the stage heard the introduction of a new hell.

“We promised you all a truly special show for the Neo Arena’s grand opening and we intend to deliver. The audience is normally forbidden from the stage, but tonight is special. Please check the card you were given when you entered.”

The criminals rummaged through their pockets while a giant holographic roulette wheel appeared on the circular ceiling overhead. It was flipped upside down so the red and black wheel appeared to be hanging from the ceiling.

“If your card is printed with a number chosen by this roulette wheel, you are free to enjoy the body of any hero you like other than Flare and Silver Bullet. We will prepare any tool you desire. However, you are forbidden from interfering with Flare and Silver Bullet’s ejaculations. Now let’s spin that wheel!”

A drumroll played through the Neo Arena, but it was drowned out by the chorus of cheers from the criminals. The excited audience provided the background music as the giant roulette wheel began to spin. A gold lamé ball was thrown into the air and it spun around before finally stopping on Red 24.

A bestial roar rose from the stands. The 24 card was held high by a male lion with a splendid mane. But below the king of the jungle’s head was a muscular human body in a dark green military uniform.

“Would you look at that! Our first lucky guest is Major Lion, commander of the Beast Force mercenaries famous for their indiscriminate slaughter of a refugee camp in Angola!”

The lion eagerly descended the stairs between the stands to reach the stage while the roulette began to spin again overhead. The ball stopped on Black 17 this time.

A man with several sword, katana, and knife hilts growing from his back descended the stairs with a card in his hand and muttering something under his breath. A closer look showed the blades of the different weapons were stabbed into his back. The katanas and western swords should have been long enough to pierce fully through his torso, but not even the tips of the blades emerged from his chest.

The criminals he passed by grimaced and whispered the name of that hitman known as one of the best in the industry: Curse Collector.

No one knew who had won with #9. The card moved on its own. It apparently belonged to an invisible man.

The roulette results brought Offbeat criminals to the stage like ants to a pile of sugar.

The lion man was the first one on the stage and he roared in a carrying voice.

“I don’t want to waste this opportunity, so let’s go with something I wouldn’t get to see otherwise.”

The beast’s eyes stopped on kneeling Rose Device.

“Let’s strip you of that solid green dress.”

“No!”

Shizuko moved on reflex when she imagined being pierced by a man’s penis. Her emerald armor sprang up and the jets on the bottom of her feet launched her into the air.

“Nooo!”

Rose Device flew into the image of the giant spinning roulette wheel. A moment later, a dark green military uniform leapt on her from above and used thick arms to pin her.

Major Lion had been on the stage just a moment before, but now he was up by the ceiling.

Dark red hands grabbed her chest armor. The armor was a part of the girl’s body, so the report sent from the armor to her brain made her scream.

“No way! How is my armor breaking!? Ahhh!”

That multilayered special alloy structure had fought countless weapons and been improved several times in response, but now it was torn as easily as paper by mere arm strength, the shards glittering as they fell. Shizuko felt no pain, but this was just like having a part of her body torn away. The special black bodysuit worn directly over her flat chest was revealed to the beastman behind her. The lion’s mouth roared proudly.

“The world is a big place, girl. I lead the world’s strongest band of mercenaries. I could never keep my men’s respect if I couldn’t do this.”

The lion’s barefoot toes kicked her armored ankles, shutting down the jet controls. Rose Device and the lion man fell to the stage together.

He grabbed struggling Rose Device in his arms and landed on the stage with his mane fluttering. Their combined weight had to be considerable, but he seemed to shrug it off.

He lowered her in front of Silver Bullet like a doll and forced her onto all fours. Silver Bullet’s erection was in front of her face again.

Ocelot bared her fangs, bristled the fur on her back, and threatened the fellow feline.

“Stop it, meow! Don’t you dare touch Rose- gyahhh!”

A pitch-black katana stabbed into Ocelot’s back. It sank deep inside her without her shedding a single drop of blood.

“I-it doesn’t hurt, but m-m-my b-b-b-body is all t-t-t-tingly, meowww.”

Ocelot began trembling violently while still on all fours. Her tail thrashed about on the floor.

Curse Collector spoke joyously with the black katana’s hilt in his hand.

“This cursed blade carries the grudge of a samurai warrior who was betrayed by his trusted aide and had to watch his wife and daughter raped and killed before his eyes. A single touch of the blade would normally drive you mad and kill you, but I am suppressing the curse enough for it to merely subdue your movements. Now to enjoy this hero’s body. I will eliminate the numbing effect so you can enjoy it as well.”

Curse Collector unzipped his pants and pulled out his erect penis. The shaft and head were pierced by several pins with a jewel in the head. Were they also cursed items?

A hand lined with nails and studs roughly parted the soft fur at her crotch. Pink flesh appeared in the middle of the leopard pattern.

That flesh was not yet wet. Unless a woman’s body had been modified or she was being affected by an aphrodisiac or magic sex toy, she would never be wet in such a horrifying situation. But whether she wanted it or not, some foreplay would produce the lubrication needed to protect her vagina.

However, the bumpy erection shoved deep inside Ocelot without so much as a caress.

“Gyahhhhh! Ow! That hurts, meowwww!!” screamed Ocelot.

Every time the penis moved inside her, she felt intense pain like hard metal was tearing her apart deep inside. She could not stop screaming, but not with a human voice – with the cries of a wounded wild animal. Without the cursed katana in her back, she would have been writhing on the stage.

The repeated cries of agony brought an intoxicated look to the hitman’s face. He thrusted his hips in ecstasy.

“Yes, your voice is like heavenly music. I like you, Ocelot. The power of my cursed items will not harm your vagina, so enjoy the pain and serenade me with more of your screams.”

The rapist’s voice did not even reach Ocelot’s trembling triangular ears. She could only hear her own screams. The pain was incessant and continued to grow, so she felt close to passing out already.

Curse Collector grabbed her hair as it bristled from the pain.

“You need to make Silver Bullet cum too. No slacking.”

Her lips were pressed against Silver Bullet’s dick while she had another dick inside her.

“Agh, ghhh.”

“Stop it, Curse Collector! You don’t have to be so- ah, ahhh!”

He moved Ocelot’s head up and down to force her lips to pleasure the penis. And despite the situation, Silver Bullet felt pleasure from it.


“Ugh, gh, ghhhh.”

“Ah, ahh, no.”

With her teammate being raped and groaning in pain so close by, Rose Device twisted around to beg Major Lion who was pinning her down.

“How can you let this happen to Ocelot? Even if he insists on having sex with her, you need to stop him from doing it this way.”

“Stop him? The cries of the defeated and raped are the greatest prize found on the battlefield.”

“How can you say that?”

“And you will be crying right along with her soon.”

The sharp claw growing from his thick finger moved precisely along Shizuko’s hip armor as if drawing out a complex diagram. He severed just the multilayered metal and the thin body suit without so much as scratching her skin.

“No!”

A pale girl’s butt appeared from within the superhero’s armor. The beast’s massive cock rushed forward like a missile locked onto her crotch trembling in fear and disgust.

“Noooo! Flare! Flare! Help me! It hurts!”

The inhuman dark red missile tore into a tunnel of flesh just as dry as Ocelot’s. Shizuko’s late father had set her sense of pain lower than an average person’s, but after she hadn’t felt any pain losing her virginity to Flare, she had questioned that decision and changed her pain back to ordinary levels.

That decision had greatly backfired here. The pain of the brutally large penis forcing its way inside her unprepared vagina made her feel like her entire body was about to shatter.

“Ow, it hurts! Please! Help me!”


The coldhearted mercenary commander laughed triumphantly and basked in the joy of forcibly conquering the girl’s small body.

“Hah hah hah! Yes, this is it. This is the battlefield. This is the sweet taste of victory. Now, you fulfill your duty as well.”

Just like the hitman, the mercenary commander grabbed Rose Device’s head armor with his right hand. He pushed Shizuko’s exposed lips against Silver Bullet’s penis head.

“Nh, mh, khh.”

“Agh, gwahhhh!”

Two pairs of lips tensed with pain touched above the penis head. Their screams and saliva rubbed unwanted pleasure into Silver Bullet’s erection.

“Ahh, ah, ahhhhh!”

Silver Bullet let out an anguished cry of orgasm as her third ejaculation arrived.

“Ahh, no, I can’t help it! I’m sorry, but I’m cumming!”

Ocelot and Rose Device were forced to continue the blowjob even as the semen splattered on their faces.

Flare’s team was in a similar situation. Snow Wing and Cemetery had already been on all fours, but now they were being raped by Offbeat criminals as they licked Flare’s erection. They weren’t sure if they wanted to call it fortunate, but Miki and Shino only felt intense pleasure thanks to the rings.

Flare’s entire body burned with rage. Her girlfriend was within arm’s reach being raped by the enemy and crying out in pain. She thought her fury against the merciless enemy and her own powerlessness would boil her brain. Yet her penis continued to ejaculate against her will.

The other two heroes on the stage were also being tormented.

Star Thunder had been dangling from a chain the entire time and Madam Scroll had been returned to her chain, but now they each had a roulette-chosen criminal with them. The Madam still wore her dress with the mesh front that allowed her enlarged nipples to stick out. Star Thunder’s usual costume was among the more revealing of the female heroes, but now her large breasts and seductive lower body were left entirely bare.

Their extremely lewd bodies had two arms each crawling across them.

But to the audience waiting their turn, it looked like the two women were standing on their toes side by side and wiggling their sweaty asses. If they focused their eyes enough, they could see finger indentations in those fat butts.

“Ah, ahhh, not my butt!”

“Stop! Kh, don’t tease me there.”

The voices of the Turmoil Twins, a pair of invisible criminals, spoke behind the pair of mature butts being massaged every which way.

“Heh heh heh. The rumors online were true.”

“Did you know criminals have their own secret website?”

Their identical voices spoke back and forth in delight.

“That bastard Waxwork posted that Star Thunder loves all anal play, but especially enemas.”

“Ever since we read that, my twin brother and I have dreamed of getting a shot at your ass.”

“Ahh, there are rumors like that online?”

“Stop. I am not into this kind of thing.”

The Madam moved her hips as best she could to escape the invisible fingers groping it, but that only stirred up the rapist’s desire further.

“You aren’t? But your asshole is begging me to tease it.”

Her thick butt cheeks parted to reveal the bud breathing at the bottom of the deep flesh valley. Just like one of the twins had said, the flesh-colored hole was rising and falling and rising again like it wanted to be touched.

“That’s not true. That cannot possibly be true.”

She denied it, but she was well aware that her anus desired pleasure. Her breasts had not been the only thing modified over the past three months. Even her anus had been transformed into a greedy source of pleasure.

When what felt like a finger poked at it, a sweet surge filled the inside of her ass.

“Ahhh, no, don’t touch me there. Nhhh!”

The surge ran up her spine and crashed into her already aroused breasts. Her enlarged nipples shook and what milk remained inside dripped from the tips.

Star Thunder shook her jiggling butt as a finger rubbed at her anus too.

“Eek, ah, s-stop!”

She scattered sweet-smelling sweat and some of the drops stopped in midair. They had landed on the invisible man behind her.

“Now it’s time to see whose ass…”

“…is the superior fuckhole.”

Two of the black things scattered on the floor floated into the air. They were balls with several points, kind of like a larger version of konpeito. They must have had a switch somewhere because the pointy black balls began to hum and vibrate. They were of course vibrators.

“This is going inside you, Star Thunder.”

“This is going inside you, Madam Scroll.”

Their voices formed the perfect harmony of a male duet as the two black ball vibrators floated toward the mature butts lined up side by side. One of the points pushed against the swollen bud in the center of each butt and then it rolled atop it.

“Ahhh!”

“Agh!”

The sensation was enough for them both to thrust their hips forward. Their butts clenched tight, unintentionally holding the vibrators in place.

“Ahhh, nhhh. No, no, ahh!”

“Ah, nhh. No, kh, no!”

Star Thunder and Madam Scroll’s butts performed a wiggling dance, but a portion of the tightly-clenched valleys were spread open. The Turmoil Twins had both stuck their index finger in there.

The vibrators were pushed further in, parting the two anuses.

“Kh, d-don’t push it in!”

“Nh, stop pushing on that!”

Their mature asses opened against their will and swallowed the sex toys without even waiting for the fingers to push them in. A white liquid dripped endlessly from the Madam’s erect nipples.

“Ahhh, no, I-I can feel it inside me!”

“Ahh, no, my butt!”

The vibration inside their asses reached their vaginas too, so they felt their untouched female flesh boiling and hot drool dripped from between their labia.

Invisible arms grabbed their moving hips and pushed a second and third identical vibrator inside their asses. The Madam’s breast milk squirted out each time another one was pushed inside.

The vibrators bumped into each other, causing them to shift position and provide great pleasure constantly.


“That’s too much! Too much!”

“My butt is going crazy!”

The women’s moans were joined by a duet of cruel laughter.

“We aren’t done yet. We have something even nicer for you.”

“We aren’t done yet. We have something even more fun for you.”

Large glass containers filled with a clear liquid floated into the air with a sloshing sound. Star Thunder shouted when she heard the liquid behind her.

“Stop. Please. Anything but an enema!”

“Oh? You love enemas that much?”

“You’re afraid of losing control because you enjoy them so much, aren’t you?”

“No! I- ahhhhh!”

The tip of the enema syringe stabbed into Star Thunder’s anus and immediately released the enema fluid.

“Ah, ahhh, th-that’s too much!”

“Don’t worry.”

“You’re sharing this 500cc with Madam Scroll.”

The Madam paled at the Twins’ claim. She was now used to having a penis in her ass, but she had never had an enema. She had been shamed and humiliated more than she knew possible in this arena, but the thought of expelling all that fluid with so many people watching horrified her.

“Stop! Please stop! I can’t do this!”

She struggled like she was trying to break free of her bonds, but four invisible arms held her torso in place.

“Sounds like Madam Scroll is an enema novice.”

“A shame when she’s got such a nice ass.”

The Turmoil Twins’ voices again formed a perfect harmony.

“Prepare yourself.”

“Ahh!?”

The tip of the half-empty syringe was inserted into her anus that was already trembling in pleasure from the multiple vibrators. The merciless torrent of liquid flooded her insides.

“E-eek! Ahhhhhhhh!”

She felt faint with all that liquid in there. She tried to suppress the urge to release it, but her anus couldn’t manage it. Some of the enema fluid was already leaking out from the center of that flesh bud.

“It’s leaking! It’s leaking out! Ahh, don’t look!”

“Oh, you needn’t worthy about that.”

“My brother and I will plug those holes up tight.”

It wasn’t clear if the Twins were wearing clothes or not, but Madam Scroll and Star Thunder both arched their backs and rattled their chains at the sensation of something penetrating their tightly-clenched anuses. Star Thunder’s ample experience and the Madam’s intense training told them this was an erect penis, not just a finger or vibrator.

“Ahh! Agh, ahhhh!”

“Eeeek! Ghh, ahhhh!”

The three vibrators inside each of them bounced every which way, the enema fluid filling their asses gave them an intense stomachache, and the cocks stirred all of that up. The three different forms of torment combined into a complex feeling that wasn’t even close to pleasure even after all the sex slave training Madam Scroll had undergone.

She felt a powerful urge to release the flood contained in her ass, but the invisible man had plugged up the hole. The agony of being unable to release the pressure inside her was stirred up and enhanced by the vibrators.

“Ghhhhhhhh! I’m going to die! This is really going to kill me!”

The Madam’s body glistened with sweat, her plump legs moved in a ridiculous dance, and her wine-red dress with the deep slits rose up as if buffeted by a gust of wind.

“Hee hee hee. Yes, dance for us. Dance.”

“H-help me. L-let me release this. Eek, I’ll die, I’ll diiiiiiiiiie!”

“You only get to shit all that out after I shoot my load inside your ass.”

“N-no. Please. Ahhh!”

Her mesh-wrapped breasts jiggled wildly. The erect nipples were constantly spraying milk now. Instead of ejaculating from pleasure, it was more like her confused nerve impulses were forcing it out.

Her hair was plastered to her sweaty forehead and neck, giving her a disturbing sort of beauty. The stray hairs at her neck were lifted and twisted together. An invisible tongue licked them and an invisible mouth chewed on them.

“Heh heh. Delicious. How are things for you, brother?”

“Star Thunder has just as wonderful an ass as you would expect from an anal-loving slut.”

The noises leaving Star Thunder’s mouth were clearly different from the agonized ones coming from Madam Scroll. They were sensual moans that lit a fire in the listener’s crotch and hardened the cocks of any listeners that had one of those. This selfish act was nothing but hellish torture for thoroughly-trained Madam Scroll, but Star Thunder was receiving clear pleasure from it.

Star Thunder was a noble’s daughter on her home planet. She had first learned the joys of sex from the female tutor who had come to her mansion when she was 12. That was also when she had learned of her masochistic tastes. That tutor had even taught her how pleasurable an enema could be.

Strangely, the tutor who had guided Rei along this path had also been a masochist. They had made a habit of giving each other enemas, plugging up their asses, and going for a stroll through the royal capital’s downtown area while linking arms.

The three pointy ball vibrators and the thrusting cock inside her ass full of enema fluid was a type of pleasure she was already familiar with.

(Ahh, my fellow heroes are suffering and being tormented, but here I am enjoying this. I have such a sinful body.)

The guilt she felt only increased the carnal pleasure, which in turn deepened the guilt. That infinite loop between her body and mind plunged her deep into dark ecstasy.

“Ahh, punish me teacher! Punish me for being so sinful! I’m cumming, teacher! I’m cumming!!”

“Ohhh! Now that’s tight! I can’t even move! Ohh, she’s sucking the cum right out of me!”

Urgency entered the one invisible twin’s voice. His feet sounded repeatedly against the floor and he tried one last time to sound in control.

“I-I’m about to cum! I’m going to cum right in your slutty masochist ass!”

In truth, he was helpless against the great squeezing and suction milking him of his semen.

The other twin wasn’t aware what was happening to his brother, but he pulled his own trigger to sync their ejaculations.

“Heh heh heh. Then I’ll fill this Justice Circus belly with lots of my cum.”

Hot man milk shot out deep inside Madam Scroll’s ass. She couldn’t even cry out any longer and limply accepted the ejaculation.

Meanwhile, Star Thunder’s body shook as she reached an even higher climax.

“Ah, ahh, cum is filling my ass! Ahh, I’m cumming again!”

She achieved multiple orgasms in quick succession, which caused her ass to loosen up. The Turmoil Twin inside her felt drained of his life force after ejaculating more intensely than ever before in his life and he collapsed onto the floor, his dick popping out of Star Thunder’s anus on the way.

“Ohhh, it’s coming out! It’s all coming out of my ass! Nhh, I’m cumming again!”

The other penis pulled out of Madam Scroll at the same time.

“Ah, n-no, ahhh!”

The two beautiful butts performed a duet, wiggling up and down while erupting with enema fluid and semen. The Turmoil Twins happily let it splash onto them, revealing their silhouettes. They appeared to be wearing skintight costumes.

Then the ball vibrators popped out of their anuses one after another, the two beautiful victims writhing all the while.




 

“How about it, Curse Collector? Why not join my Beast Force? You would earn a top spot.”

“Sorry, but I fly solo. I prefer to slit throats with a blade over heavy weaponry.”

Major Lion and Curse Collector chatted while thrusting their hips.

“That’s too bad. Okay, girl, I’m about to cum.”

“We might end up enemies one of these days. I’m about to cum too.”

The beastman’s unnaturally large penis ran wild in Rose Device’s vagina and the cursed cock supplied intense pain to Ocelot’s pussy until both of them mercilessly released their semen. Rose Device and Ocelot both screamed anew from a pain like having salt rubbed in a wound.

“Eeeeeeeeeek!”

“Agrraaaaaahh!”

In her confusion, Ocelot bit the head of Silver Bullet’s penis she was being forced to fellate.

“Ahh!”

After so many forced ejaculations, even the piercing fangs became a pleasure capable of bringing Silver Bullet to another climax.

“Ahhh, I’m cumming again! I’m cummiiiiiing!!”

More white goo shot out onto her fellow heroes’ faces.

 

“Ugh, I’m cumming!”

“Ahh, I’m cumming!”

Snow Wing and Cemetery shouted the same thing a few times before climaxing at the same time again. They were filled with sperm at the same time too.

Their moaning breaths on her penis head brought Flare to another climax of her own.

“Kh, I’m cumming again!”

Her penis shook and erupted with cum just as plentiful and thick as the first time.

 

Semen was not just released on the stage. Most of the audience wasn’t patient enough to wait their turn, so they grabbed the maids serving the audience in the stands and began fuckin them. Countess Cruel was horny too, so she penetrated a maid in both holes using the two penises she had stolen from her husband’s corpse after killing him herself.

The entire Neo Arena was filled with female moans, male groans, sexual smells, and the sounds of wet flesh.

None of the audience was even listening to Milk Crown anymore.

“Now that everyone is in the mood, I believe it is time we finally began the main event for the Neo Dark Arena’s grand opening!”

Milk Crown raised his right arm toward the ceiling.

Storyteller raised his right hand as well.

All the bowtie men restraining or monitoring the heroes on the stage raised their right hands too.

Even the maids forced their right hands up while the criminals pinned them down, pushed them down on all fours, or even choked them while fucking them.

Everyone who worked for the Dark Arena spoke in perfect unison.

“For our glorious Emperor!”

Flare realized she was surrounded by blue light. The skin of her arms, legs, exposed breasts, and crotch was all glowing blue.

“What’s going on now? Ah…”

All the strength left her. Previously, she had been forbidden from fighting back, but her superhuman strength had remained. But once this blue glow began, it was like that strength was drained from her. Her legs could no longer support her weight, so she ended up dangling from the men holding her arms.

“Why is this happening? Ugh.”

The men let go and she tumbled forward, crashing into Snow Wing and Cemetery down in front of her. Their arms and legs couldn’t support them either, so all three of them collapsed onto their stomachs.

“Do either of you know what this is?”

“No, all my strength suddenly left me.”

“My arms and legs feel too heavy to move.”

Snow Wing and Cemetery’s skin was glowing blue as well.

“Is this Storyteller’s doing?”

But what Flare saw next made her doubt that. The Offbeat criminals raping Snow Wing and Cemetery had collapsed onto their backs. The skin of their faces, hands, and exposed penises were glowing blue.

“What is happening to me?” groaned Major Lion.

His large body was even stronger than Rose Device’s high-tech armor, but now he was lying on the floor and only able to twitch a bit like a bug sprayed with insecticide.

The ultra-top-rate hitman was curled up and trembling next to his lion head.

“Impossible. What curse is this?”

Those two infamous Offbeats were also wrapped in blue light.

Past them, Ocelot, Rose Device, and Silver Bullet were all doubled over, collapsed, and glowing blue.

Star Thunder and Madam Scroll were still upright thanks to their chains, but they hung as lifelessly as the meat in a butcher’s freezer. The only motion came from the flickering of the blue light.

The two filthy silhouettes behind them also glowed blue.

The only people still standing on the stage were Milk Crown, Storyteller, and the bowtie men who assisted them.

A look to the stands showed the thousand or so Offbeat criminals were all glowing and groaning, collapsed in the seats or aisles.

Even Countess Cruel had her back bent over a seat while she glowed.

“Wh-why me? You will not get away with this.”

Even the vampire was suffering, but the maids who were being raped below the violent criminals not long before now stood up and looked to the ceiling.

“Are you ready, you packed house of Offbeats!?”

Milk Crown’s cheerful voice drowned out the thousand groans. Flare looked up to see the white suited man prancing about even more energetically than before.

“All of your strength is currently being converted into a special form of energy. That is the blue light you see around you. The time has come to offer your strength to the glorious Emperor of the Dark Arena!”

Blue light surged throughout the entire Neo Arena.

“No, my power!”

“Argh, m-my power is being stolen!”

“B-brother, what’s happening to us?”

“Help me! Ahhhhh!”

Pillars of blue light rose from superheroes and criminals alike. As the light enveloping them absorbed their Offbeat powers, it grew in intensity and rose toward the ceiling. The light gathered and twisted into a single giant band of light that flew toward a point on the circular ceiling.

A boxy room stuck down from the ceiling there. At the start of the show, it had been introduced as the Emperor of the Dark Arena’s location.

“It is truly unfortunate, but extracting all of this energy will mean the end of your lives. But you can rest assured that our glorious emperor will live on enough for all of you. So just sit back and enjoy your trip to heaven or hell.”

“I don’t believe it.” Flare watched as the light was absorbed by the emperor’s room. “The Dark Arena was held for months as bait to gather powerful Offbeats? All so you could steal their energy and give it to your emperor? And now Shizuko, Rei, Bell, me, and the other heroes are going to die along with them?”

Flare slammed her fist against the floor and raised her voice.

“I won’t let that happen! I refuse!!”

She lifted her upper body, but her arms immediately gave out and her chin slammed back into the floor. She tried to get up again, but the strength wouldn’t return to her arms.

Her mind was growing hazy, but she could still sense the blue light was trying to absorb every last ounce of her strength.

“No. No! I want Shizuko and the rest of the team to be happy. And I’ve only been alive for 2 years. I want to live. I want to live more.”

Darkness suddenly fell. All of the Neo Arena’s blue light had vanished. Flare’s vision was usually far sharper than the average person’s, but she couldn’t see a thing. She couldn’t hear the groaning from the stands anymore either. She felt left behind all alone in an infinite darkness.

(Am I dead? Is this death? Can an artificial human like me even join my mom and Super Offbeat after I die?)

But after a moment of total silence, she heard a voice from the darkness. But this was not the gentle voice of a welcoming angel or the cold voice of the grim reaper. It was the voice of a very flustered man.

“The power is out? But why? Our glorious emperor’s plan will fall apart!”

It was Milk Crown’s voice.

He was answered by another beam of light in the darkness.

But this had not been absorbed from the Offbeats. This bright blue light left the Neo Arena’s ceiling and branched out as it dropped toward the floor like a bolt of lightning.

One branch of the light struck Flare in the back.

“Whoa!”